URL: https://ufcu.org/about/become-a-vendor/intake-form
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Code of Conduct & Intake Form
Code of Conduct
We expect our vendors to maintain policies and procedures to monitor risks and compliance within their own supply chains and alert UFCU if any exists so that UFCU can take appropriate actions, including termination of contracts and agreements. Ethical business standards shall govern all procurement transactions. UFCU expects our vendors to ensure policies and procedures effectively address (at minimum) the following:
Compliance with Laws:
All vendors must comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations (including federal, national, state, provincial, and municipal), including, but not limited to: all antitrust and fair trade policies, all anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing laws, all anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, all tax laws, all wage and hour laws, all privacy and information security laws, all environmental laws and all laws that address child labor, forced labor, slavery, human trafficking, equal pay and nondiscrimination, and occupational safety and health.
Conflicts of Interest:
As soon as a vendor becomes aware of any conflict of interest or the potential for a conflict of interest, the vendor must disclose that information to UFCU, even if a relationship has already been initiated. UFCU expects fair, non-collusive competition among our vendors, contractors, and subcontractors (potential and existing).
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption:
UFCU shall take a zero tolerance approach to bribery and corruption, expecting our vendors to act professionally, fairly, and with integrity in all business transactions, including on behalf of UFCU.
Gifts:
UFCU personnel shall not solicit a gift or accept a significant gift from any vendor or prospective vendor, especially during the solicitation process (e.g., RFP). A “significant gift” is defined as any item, service, favor, monies, credits, or discounts not available to others which could influence procurement decisions. UFCU personnel are able to accept items valued at $50.00 or less as a matter of courtesy, but may not solicit them.
Anti-Money Laundering:
All vendors doing business with UFCU shall avoid engaging in any illicit activities or doing business with individuals, companies, or governments engaged in illicit activities, including, without limitation, money laundering, terrorism financing, human trafficking, slavery, or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
Safeguarding Information and Property:
All vendors are expected to safeguard and ensure that all confidential information is only used appropriately and as allowed under applicable law, including personal information, nonpublic information, proprietary information, and intellectual property.
Vendor Intake Form
Loading...
Vendor Information
Company Name
Company Website
Contact Name
Contact Phone Number
Contact Email Address
Products and/or Services Offered
Standard Industry Code (SIC)
Vendor Address
Street
City
Zip Code
Vendor Details
Is the vendor certified as a:
Small-Business Enterprise
Woman-Owned Business
Minority-Owned Business
Veteran-Owned Business
Disabled Veteran-Owned Business
LGBTQ+-Owned Business
None of the above
How long has the company provided the products and services indicated?
Has the company performed any services or provided any products for UFCU in the past? If yes, when?
Please note that the Company will be expected to provide a current certificate of insurance and W9 prior to any commencement of work.
Important: By submitting this form, you are indicating that you have read and agree to the UFCU Vendor Code of Conduct.
Submit