URL: https://ufcu.org/business/cards/compare
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Compare Business Credit Cards
Purchasing
Power for Your Business
Buy with ease now and pay later.
Increase your purchasing reach with a UFCU Platinum VISA
®
credit card for your business.
1
We’ve got the right card for you, whether you’re looking for the reliability of a fixed rate, cash back, or rewards on everyday purchases.
With flexible options, comprehensive benefits, and no annual fee, our cards are a convenient way to keep your business moving.
Find Freedom
to Succeed with UFCU
Business Great Rate Card
Save money with our lowest rate
Cash advances up to
25%
of your credit limit
1%
cash-advance fee with a $5.00 minimum
$0
Annual Fee
Rates as low as
2
13.90% APR
View Details
Business Cash Back Card
Generate extra cash for your business
1.5%
Cash back earned per $1 spent
Points never expire
1%
cash-advance fee with a $5.00 minimum
$0
Annual Fee
Rates as low as
2
15.90% APR
View Details
Business Travel & Rewards Card
Redeem points for travel, supplies, and more
2
Points earned per $1 spent
Points never expire
1%
cash-advance fee with a $5.00 minimum
$0
Annual Fee
Rates as low as
2
15.90% APR
View Details
Manage Your Business with Confidence
You have decisions to make every day. You can feel confident about choosing a UFCU business credit card to power your business each month. With competitive rates, no annual fee, and cash or rewards earned, it’s a smart choice.
Take advantage of no annual fees, no over-the-limit fees, fixed low rates, zero liability on unauthorized purchases, and free fraud protection. Lock or unlock your card in moments for peace of mind without losing the convenience of keeping your card with you. If your card needs to be replaced, visit any branch.
The following extra benefits are free with your card:
Roadside Dispatch (PDF)
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver (PDF)
ID Navigator Powered by LifeLock
™
For transparency, we encourage you to read through
our agreement (PDF)
including guaranty provisions.
Manage the books by integrating your accounts with Intuit to download and sort your expenses. We added this feature with your business in mind!
See Eligibility Requirements
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
FAQs
How can I add an additional user to my account?
The primary cardholder must complete and submit an
Add Authorized User Request
form.
Your request will be processed in 2-3 business days and you should receive the new card with the additional user's name in 7-10 business days.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking your card isn’t a notification that your card is lost or stolen, or that there have been unauthorized transactions on your account. It’s simply a way to confirm no transactions can be made until you find your card. If your card is lost or stolen, or if you notice unauthorized transactions, please call
(888) 842-6328
immediately.
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
What is Visa Platinum?
Visa Platinum is the type of card you will use for UFCU Credit card rewards. Learn more from
Visa
.
View More
Related Products and Services
Working Capital Loan
UFCU’s term loan supports your business’s efforts to grow and expand.
Explore This
Business Premium Checking
A UFCU Business Premium Checking account is ideal for robust businesses with frequent banking needs.
Explore This
1 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.
2 Rate subject to your credit eligibility and risk score.