URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/faqs/shared-branches
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Shared Branch FAQs
Important:
As of August 4, 2025, UFCU no longer offers Guest Shared Branch services at our locations.
Shared Branches
How do I find a Shared Branch?
Visit the CO-OP Credit Unions website to find:
National, International, and Texas Shared Branch Locations
Local Shared Branch Outlets in Austin
Who can use Shared Branches?
Only members of participating credit unions.
How do I find out if my credit union is a Shared Branch?
Contact your host credit union or go to
CO–OPCreditUnions.org/locators
for updated listings of participating credit unions.
Must I know my account number when using a Shared Branch?
Yes. The Shared Branches do not have the ability to look up your account number and your host credit union, for security reasons, may not disclose account numbers by phone.
Must I have valid photo identification to make a transaction at a Shared Branch?
Yes. Once again, this is a security issue.
What forms of ID are acceptable?
Accepted forms of identification include:
Valid state-issued Driver's License (DL) or Identification Card (US and Canada)
Valid Passport: US or issued by a foreign country if authenticity can be verified
Valid Permanent Resident Card or Resident Alien Card
U.S. Military Card ID (Active Duty Personnel ID will have no signature; can use expired state ID or DL with US military ID with the smart chip)
Valid Matricula Consular ID card
Unless otherwise noted, all forms of ID must be current and have a photo and signature.
Can Shared Branches perform transactions or inquiries by phone?
No. The Shared Branches are unable to verify ID by phone.
What is the check hold policy on deposits made at Shared Branches?
Funds deposited may not be immediately available.
How can I determine if a hold was put on a deposit at a Shared Branch?
Contact the host credit union directly. The host is the credit union to which you are depositing funds.
Can checks written by a member to non-members or to a business be cashed at a Shared Branch?
No. Shared Branches can only be used by members of participating credit unions. Non-members cannot be serviced at any Shared Branch location.
Are checks written from one member to another subject to holds when deposited at Shared Branches?
Yes. Such deposits will be processed as any other deposited check.
Is there a charge to use an ATM at a Shared Branch?
ATM transactions at Shared Branch Outlets are subject to foreign transaction charges.
Are loan applications accepted and can loan proceeds be disbursed at Shared Branches?
No. All loan applications and disbursements must be processed through your host credit union.
Can I get a cash advance on my Credit Card at a Shared Branch?
It depends if the Shared Branch is equipped to perform this service. At UFCU Shared Branch Outlets, you may get a cash advance on your credit card up to $5,000.
What types of currency are accepted at the Shared Branches?
U.S. Currency only.
If one branch of a particular Credit Union is designated a "branch outlet" is it safe to assume all branches of that participating Credit Union offer Shared Branch Services?
No. Only the physical locations of branches listed offer Shared Branch services. For example, a participating Credit Union may have 4 branches in a city but only one of those four might be designated a branch outlet offering Shared Branch services.
Will I be required to submit thumb prints?
Yes. This procedure assists credit unions in preventing fraud.
Will deposits be accepted at Quick Drops or outside Night Depositories?
No.
Will a Shared Branch accept a POA (Power of Attorney) document for deposit?
No.
Will a Shared Branch accept a DBA (Doing Business As) document for deposit?
Only if the business name is reflected on the account.