URL: https://ufcu.org/business/resources
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Business Resource Center
Empowering
U
and Your Business
Resources and tools to take your business further.
Turn your hobby into a thriving business with UFCU's expert resources to unlock insights, tools, and guides that help you launch, grow, and lead with confidence.
Start Your Business
·
Build Your Business
·
Grow Your Business
Start Your Business
Comprehensive guides, practical tools, and products that give you everything you need to transform your passion into a successful venture.
Tools
How to Start a Business in Texas
Business Start-up Roadmap
A Guide to Choosing the Right Business Structure in Texas
Products & Services
Business Checking
Business Savings
Business Insurance
Build Your Business
Articles and templates to help you secure funding and take control of your business’ future.
Tools
How to Build a Cash Reserve for Your Business
How To Prepare for a Credit Union Business Loan
Cash Flow Forecast Template
Business Loan Calculator
Business Credit Card Best Practices
How to Use Your Business Credit Card Effectively
Products & Services
Business Certificates
Business Money Market
Business Auto Loans
Business Equipment Loans
Business Working Capital Loans
Grow Your Business
Strategic insights and practical tools to help you scale your operations, expand your market reach, and achieve sustainable success.
Tools
How To Grow Your Business with Confidence
Cash Flow Improvement Template
How To Build and Improve Business Capacity
Best Practices for Using a Business Line of Credit
Products & Services
Premium Checking
Premium Savings
Lines of Credit
Great Rate Card
Reach Out to a Business Advisor
(512) 421-7310
The Latest Articles
How to Start a Business in Texas
If you’re wondering how to start a business in Texas, you’re not alone. After creating a business plan, many entrepreneurs ask what to do next. This comprehensive startup checklist will guide you through every step.
How To Grow Your Business with Confidence
Ready to take your business to the next level? This guide will walk you through essential business building strategies to help you grow with confidence.
How To Build and Improve Business Capacity
Building business capacity means preparing your organization to meet increased demand without compromising quality or efficiency. This guide explores how to assess your current business capacity and invest in strategies that position your business for scalable success.
View More
More Resources for
U
We partner with organizations across Texas to offer you the advice, education, and loan assistance you need to make your vision a reality.
Texas State Small Business Development Center
Access market data and receive personal guidance for writing your new business plan — all for free. The Texas SBDC assists small businesses and start-ups with taking the first step and building a solid foundation for success.
Visit the SBDC
PeopleFund
Get education and access to credit for small businesses, start-ups, and nonprofits. PeopleFund is a registered 501(c)3 non-profit organization and Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI).
Visit PeopleFund
Business Community Lenders (BCL)
Find help with small business concerns and micro-loans from an organization dedicated to supporting diversity and stability in the local economy, through business growth and the development of affordable housing.
Visit BCL of Texas
EGBI
EGBI provides training, coaching, and support to aspiring and existing business owners who face barriers to growing a successful business.
Visit EGBI