URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/security-fraud/fraud-protection
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Fraud Protection
Debit & Credit Card Fraud Protection
UFCU provides 100% liability protection on any fraudulent activity so you can enjoy total peace of mind, should the worst happen. But rest assured that we’ll be working hard to make sure it doesn’t. UFCU protects our Members from debit and credit card fraud in the US and Canada
1
by immediately alerting you when we suspect fraudulent activity. This service is automatically available to all business and personal cardholders.
How it Works
If you have a VISA
®
card with UFCU, you are automatically enrolled. Our intention is to deliver fraud alerts directly to you as quickly as possible to identify fraud and stop it before it happens. You could be notified in as few as 30 seconds after a suspicious transaction takes place.
When we identify an opportunity for fraud prevention, we’ll contact you first with a free text message
2
(if you have a mobile phone number on record).
The text message will be sent from the number 236-18.
If we don’t hear back from you via text, we’ll send you an automated voice call asking you to confirm whether the suspicious transaction is valid or unrecognized. If it’s unrecognized, you’ll be transferred to an agent who can help you.
Text message
— You’ll receive text alerts regardless of day or time if we suspect fraudulent transactions. The text messaging system is flexible and smart. Many common typo variations of YES and NO are accepted. And on the off chance that your message is not understood, you’ll be advised to call a representative for help. To opt out of receiving text alerts, you can respond with the word STOP.
Voice call
— You’ll receive voice call alerts between 8 AM and 8 PM in your time zone (based on phone number area code). You’ll be prompted to answer questions during the call to confirm the transaction or transferred to an agent if the transaction was not recognized.
To ensure your Visa card fraud alerts are sent to you promptly, verify your contact information is up to date.
Log in to Online Banking
and select
Profile»Change Contact Info
to review and update your information, or
contact us
and ask a representative to update it for you.
What to Do When You Receive an Alert
For your safety, when we suspect fraudulent activity on your card, the transaction may be declined and your card could be blocked. Please communicate with us as soon as possible when you receive an alert so you can get back to business as usual. When we notify you, please respond via text or phone and let us know whether the transaction is valid. If it is valid, we will automatically unblock your card. Please keep in mind that it could take 5–10 minutes for a block to be removed in some situations. Once we have updated our system, you can attempt the transaction again, usually within 5–10 minutes.
1
For Members in Canada, text alerts are available. Voice calls are not available.
2
Members with AT&T
®
, Verizon Wireless
®
, Sprint
®
, and T-Mobile
®
will not be charged message or data rates for our fraud alerts. With other carriers, rates may apply.
Resources and Tools
Security Center
Protect Your Credit Cards
ATM Safety Tips
How to Protect Yourself When Shopping Online