URL: https://ufcu.org/about/careers/love-where-you-work
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Careers
Love
Where You Work
We’re always looking for talented people.
We’re proud to put people at the center of our work, creating lasting, positive change in our communities. Together, we’re building communities where Members thrive and employees feel valued.
Our market-competitive compensation and benefits package recognizes our employees’ value and the work that they do.
View Open Positions
Our People-Centered Culture
We’re always looking for talented individuals who share our commitment to helping others achieve financial success and brighter futures.
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy performance-driven rewards that celebrate your contributions, empowering you to grow and make a difference every day. Are you interested in helping others achieve financial success? Do you want to work with team members who also love their jobs?
If you’re looking for a career with a service-oriented, people-centered organization, explore the opportunities to join our team. It’s all about you making a difference.
Hear from our employees in their own words about life at UFCU.
Read Employees' Stories
We Believe in Talent and Diversity
We strive for our workforce to reflect the diversity of our Membership and the communities we serve. It’s our top priority to build and maintain a workplace of diversity, equity, and inclusion where employees and interns feel valued, safe, included, respected, and justly treated. And we uphold the long-standing principle of financial inclusion held by credit unions.
Our cooperative is non-discriminatory with respect to whom we serve and employ, including but not limited to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, or political affiliation in any of our activities or operations.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
UFCU Wellness and Benefits
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and interns and their families. Our comprehensive rewards package goes beyond the basics of competitive salaries, vacation packages, health benefits, a generous 401(k) plan, and ongoing professional development opportunities. We also provide extended health and wellness benefits, including an onsite gym, fitness discounts and programs, and flexible working options.
Our employees and their spouses and domestic partners can take advantage of special offers on life insurance, disability coverage, financial advice, and legal assistance.
Because we’re an organization committed to our community, we’re proud to support our employees in their efforts to be of service. We encourage our employees to volunteer up to 32 hours per year during the workday and get paid for it. Our volunteer program is all about bringing employees together with a purpose to make an impact. Employees can choose to volunteer for group or solo activities.
And, for our employees who prefer to give with their checkbooks, we’ll match their charitable contribution to any 501(c)(3) organization. When our community is strong, we are strong.
View All Benefits
Related Programs
Education Partnerships
We seek to build talent through our partnerships and are proud to serve every higher education community in Central Texas! If you’re a student, we are here to help you find your unique path to financial success.
Become a Member
Seasonal Internships
UFCU offers paid internships across a variety of departments, most often during the summer. When available, all internship positions will be listed alongside other UFCU career opportunities.
Explore Job Opportunities
UFCU Participates in E-Verify
The Right to Work