URL: https://ufcu.org/about/careers/employee-stories
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Employee Stories
UFCU Means Business
May 10, 2024
Suzanna C, Senior Manager of Business Banking at UFCU, celebrates 50 years in business banking and lending. In her remarkable career, she has helped countless businesses throughout Austin, and her work in leading community growth has had no small impact on making Austin the city it is today.
Empowering Latinos through Example
September 23, 2022
Emmy Hill overcame cultural and language barriers she faced as a young immigrant, to become a leader in supporting a strong, diverse community. At UFCU, she found an employer equally committed to empowering Latino families and business owners in the Greater Austin community.
Teaching by Example
May 18, 2022
As a UFCU Consumer Loan Officer, Derion J has a special qualification when it comes to coaching applicants in improving their credit history: personal experience. He meets Members where they are to guide them to financial health.
Spreading Inspiration and Homeownership
February 23, 2022
As a first-generation Mexican-American, Veronica S knows better than many about overcoming challenges, including securing affordable housing. Since 2010, the UFCU financial health program specialist has pulled from her personal experience to help UFCU Members overcome financial challenges to achieve their dreams.
Looking Out for the Details
October 26, 2021
Part-time birding enthusiast Nancy M enjoys spotting the unique details of Austin’s natural bird habitats and species. At UFCU, she turns that eye for detail to helping Members navigate the home construction process.
An Adventure in Member Service
February 2, 2021
Busy mom and grad student Megan T is adept at juggling. At UFCU, her project management skills are valuable assets as she helps lead UFCU’s continual “adventure” in Member service.
Paying It Forward
February 2, 2021
Native Austinite Izzy G can often be spotted at the Texas Rowing Center, kayaking on Lady Bird Lake, or boating on Lake Travis. In addition to natural beauty, Austin also offers plenty of higher education resources. With the help of UFCU, Izzy has taken full advantage of educational opportunities by earning his master’s degree. In turn, he is helping educate others.
Treating Members Like Family
February 2, 2021
Service, community, and teamwork are the mantras that UFCU Mortgage Loan Officer Scott W lives by. UFCU helped Scott W turn his commitment to family and community into helping Members achieve their homeownership dreams. The opportunity to do rewarding work every day is what drew Scott to UFCU.
Walking the Talk
July 29, 2020
When Alexis R started at UFCU more than eight years ago, she was overjoyed to find that the organization walks the walk in terms of leaning in to the mission not only when it comes to UFCU Members, but also when it comes employees.
Life-Changing Relationships
June 23, 2020
When Yashar T joined the IT Member Systems department at UFCU in 2015, he was looking forward to the innovative and creative aspects of his new job. What he got was that and more, including life-changing relationships.
Finding Her Work Family
May 26, 2020
When Amber D moved to Austin and started a new career at UFCU, it was a brave choice. She didn’t know anyone in the city, but was ready for a new adventure. She’s been with the cooperative almost five years now and says she has found her work family.
Passionate About Helping Others
January 14, 2020
James B is a Member who has found employment, passion through service, and even his wife at UFCU.
Top-Notch Service
January 14, 2020
For Melissa A, who celebrated 20 years with UFCU this year, UFCU is like family. Great service, passion for helping others, and a commitment to the membership make it her ideal workplace.