URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/checking/simply-u
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Simply U
Freedom
from Fees and Worries
No minimum deposit and no monthly fees.
At UFCU, we don't believe in hidden charges or surprise fees. It takes $0 to open this account. Depositing money to your account is free, there’s no monthly service fee, and there’s no limit as to how often you can deposit funds. There is a $1,000 daily ATM cash limit.
Compare Simply U™ Account features and limits to those of similar accounts at major banks, and you’ll see this account is worry-free.
Open an Account
The Simply U Account Is Hassle-Free
Enjoy worry-free spending with a Simply U Account.
1
It lets you spend only what you have deposited, so there’s no danger of dipping below zero or running up overdraft fees.
You’ll enjoy the basic features you need, like an instant-issue contactless VISA
®
Debit Card and a login to Online Banking and our Mobile app. Plus the convenience of fee-free ATMs at thousands of locations nationwide.
UFCU has simplified banking for your financial success. We offer the Simply U Account to make it easy for everyone to have a safe place to put their money without the fear of losing it to monthly and incidental fees.
Instead, we’re on your side. Plus, when you use your UFCU Visa card to make purchases anywhere, you’re protected from unauthorized use of your card or account information. See complete details at
UFCU and Visa Zero Liability Policy
. Together we can build a brighter future by putting the basics — like affordable checking — in place for you. Simple and easy.
Apply Now
Branch Out with Online Banking
Enroll Now
FAQs
What is Simply U™?
With no monthly fee, no overdraft fees, and fewer requirements to open, Simply U™ is hassle-free banking made easy. And since you can only spend what you deposit, there’s no need to worry about costly overdraft or interest fees.
How does the Simply U™ Account work?
Sign up for
Direct Deposit
Make a cash or check deposit at a
UFCU ATM
which accepts deposits or any
UFCU branch
Deposit checks using
UFCU Mobile Deposit
Transfer money onto your card with the new
Online Banking
and
Mobile app
, or at a UFCU ATM
Get a Visa® Debit Card —
You can visit any branch to get your debit card or call to have one mailed to you
Use your card —
Shop online, in store, or withdraw money at any
ATM or branch
What are the benefits of having a Simply U™ Account?
You won't be assessed overdraft fees
You can monitor your activity and stay on top of your spending by checking your balance through your new
Online Banking
and
Mobile app
.
Use your card to shop anywhere VISA® Debit cards are accepted
Pay your bills online or using your mobile device anytime with free
Bill Pay
Extensive fee-free ATM network with over 500 ATMS
Access to an expanded shared-branch network
Is the Simply U™ Account a credit card?
No, Simply U™ is an account that provides simplified banking with all the features you want without the worries of overdraft. You can use Direct Deposit or mobile deposit to fund your account and access funds through your Visa Debit Card. This account does not include check writing.
View More
Related Products and Services
UFCU Mobile App
Our Mobile app works on iPhone
®
, iPad
®
, and Android
2
devices. Use it to pay bills, make deposits, check balances, and more.
Explore This
Credit Builder Loan
Whether you’re just getting started on your journey toward financial success or working to get back on track, UFCU can help you build a solid credit history with a Credit Builder Loan.
1
Explore This
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Rates are variable and subject to change after an account is opened.
2 Android is a trademark of Google LLC.