URL: https://ufcu.org/business/checking/premium-checking
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Premium Business Checking
Drive
Brought You This Far
We help you keep it growing.
If you have a robust business with frequent banking needs, the last thing you need is a financial services provider that slows you down.
UFCU Premium Business Checking
1
has conveniences for business at a much better price point than traditional financial institutions. The perks include free checks, money orders, and more.
Membership Requirements
Premium Service, Premium Rates
The sky is the limit with UFCU Premium Business Checking.  You have free access to your account at any time with UFCU Online Banking and the Mobile app.
3
You get so much for free: money orders, cashier’s checks, first box of checks, stop payments, and incoming wires. Outgoing wires are half-off.
Earn dividends
4
on cash balances of $100 or more; gain the opportunity to open a UFCU Premium Business Savings account for even greater earnings; and pay a low monthly service fee of just $20. Stop by any branch to speak to a representative about opening a Business Banking account today.
Find a Location
Rates
Effective Date:
June 24, 2015
* Calculated daily; paid monthly on balances of $100 or more.
Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.
Fees could reduce earnings on account.
Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Programs subject to change without notice.
Account Type
Balance
Rate
APY
*
Premium Checking
$100 and more
0.050%
0.05%
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
Related Products and Services
Business Certificates
Let your excess business cash flow earn money for you with a business certificate of deposit.
5
Explore This
Business Premium Savings Account
UFCU Premium Business Savings lets you earn interest on excess cash while having it handy for unforeseen needs.
Explore This
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Rates are variable and subject to change after an account is opened.
2 Daily cash limits subject to change.
3 Subject to Online Banking agreement and terms and conditions.
4 Dividends are based on UFCU's earnings at the end of a dividend period and cannot be guaranteed.
5 Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. A penalty will or may be imposed for early withdrawal.