URL: https://ufcu.org/business/savings/premium-savings
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Premium Business Savings
Momentum
to Go Further
Get Premium Savings to augment Premium Checking.
UFCU offers our Premium Business Savings Account
1
with competitive rates to Members who want to accelerate the expansion of their businesses.
(You must have a Premium Business Checking account to open a Premium Business Savings account.)
Membership Requirements
Monthly Dividends, No Monthly Fees
How incredible that a premium account has no minimum deposit and no monthly fee. Yet that's what you get with UFCU's Premium Business Savings Account.
This account is available when you have our Premium Business Checking Account. As you would expect, you get unlimited monthly withdrawals and deposits.
Your Premium Business Savings funds are federally insured by NCUA up to $250,000 across all deposit accounts held by a business.
The dividends
2
are higher than those of our Business Savings Account. Earn on balances of $100 or more. Dividends are paid monthly instead of quarterly, giving you earlier access to your earnings. Stop by any branch to speak to a representative about opening a Business Banking account today.
Find a Location
Rates
Effective Date:
October 1, 2021
* Calculated daily; paid monthly on balances of $100 or more.
Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.
Fees could reduce earnings on account.
Account Type
Balance
Rate
APY
*
Savings
$100 and more
0.010%
0.01%
Premium Savings
$100 and more
0.250%
0.25%
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
Related Products and Services
Business Working Capital Loans
We want to invest in your long-term success. Working capital loans support your efforts to grow and expand your business.
Explore This
Business Auto Loans
Whether you’re purchasing new or used — or looking to refinance — UFCU offers great rates and flexible terms for business vehicles.
Explore This
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Rates are variable and subject to change after an account is opened.
2 Dividends are based on UFCU's earnings at the end of a dividend period and cannot be guaranteed.