URL: https://ufcu.org/about/careers/benefits
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Benefits
Thrive
with the Right Benefits
We aim for happy, healthy, and engaged employees.
Our total compensation package is adjusted regularly to stay competitive and ensure that you, your partner, and your family have what you need to be well.
View Open Positions
Generous Support
Our employees and interns have access to these highly prized benefits:
Market-competitive compensation
that varies by position and may include incentives, annual pay increases, market increases, and an annual incentive program. All full-time and part-time positions are eligible for the employee referral bonus.
Paid time off
, including vacation and sick time, 11 federal holidays, a floating holiday, paid parental leave, a leave donation program for colleagues in need, and sabbaticals after 15 years of service.
Continuing education
that includes ongoing role-based training, learning and development opportunities, reimbursement for education, a student loan repayment program, and assistance with your professional certifications and licenses.
Remote working
— Our flexible workplace program allows many positions to work at least 50% of their time remotely.
Discover all the benefits our employees and interns enjoy.
Explore Careers at UFCU
Health Insurance
Comprehensive, competitive medical, dental, vision, and prescription coverage for you, your children, and your spouse or domestic partner. We also offer a rich health savings account (HSA) matching program, flexible spending accounts, and telemedicine.
We encourage you to compare our negotiated health plan pricing and historical net plans to those of other organizations.
Along with group insurance, you’ll find comprehensive wellness at UFCU with an Employee Assistance Program, onsite gym, personal training, fitness reimbursement, ergonomics support, and many other health and wellness resources.
Perks That Matter
Our employee volunteer program provides 32 hours of paid time off to volunteer for organizations that are meaningful to each employee. We also have a charitable matching program for donations to qualifying non-profit 501(c)(3) organizations.
UFCU employees and interns can take advantage of free checking and savings accounts, employer paid life insurance, and free employee discounts on a variety of products and services.
We offer generous 401(k) matching, licensed financial advisors, financial planning reimbursement, debt management resources, and more.
You’ll also get complimentary short- and long-term disability, special rate discounts on selected loans and various corporate discounts with partner organizations, including pet insurance.
View Open Positions
Related Programs
Employee Stories
Our employees love working here, and the prevailing reason is this: our people. Hear from our employees in their own words about life at UFCU.
Read Employee Stories
Mobile Branch
Offering everything from account openings and loan applications to financial workshops, our unique Mobile Branch is breaking down barriers to financial success where it matters most.
Explore This