URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/savings/savings
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Savings
Simplicity
Is Key to Saving
We give
U
tools that make saving easy.
UFCU Savings accounts
1
are fee-free, federally insured, and easy to manage. Plus, you can withdraw your funds at any time.
Establish your UFCU membership with our basic savings plan and watch your minimum $1 deposit grow into a new car, your first home, or that much-needed family vacation.
Open an Account
Saving Should Be Simple
Every UFCU Savings account is fee-free and earns dividends.
2
Grow your savings easily by setting up automated transfers from your UFCU checking account for a healthy “set it and forget it” habit.
UFCU Online Banking and the Mobile app keep you in touch with your savings. For a boost, you can set up alerts to tell you when you have achieved a target balance or whenever an automated transfer reaches your account.
Savings can give you backup coverage for checking overdrafts and access to emergency cash.
It’s never too early to teach youngsters about money management. UFCU’s Kidz Savings Account can get you on track to raise a saver. The fee-free Teen Savings Account is for 13- to 17-year-old teenagers who are ready to begin building savings. These earned interest rates are higher, motivating kids to save.
Apply Now
Rates
Effective Date:
January 2, 2024
Fees could reduce earnings on account.
Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.
Account Type
Balance
Rate
APY
Savings
$100 and more
0.010%
0.01%
Teen & Kidz
$1 and more
0.250%
0.25%
Bank Anywhere, Anytime
Download the Mobile App
Related Products and Services
Money Market Account
Invest in a federally insured Money Market account, which offers higher interest than a savings account and more liquidity than a certificate.
Explore This
Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)
Plan for the future you want by continually earning compounded dividends and saving money on taxes.
Explore This
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply.
2 $100 minimum balance to accrue dividends. Dividends are calculated by the daily balance method, are based on UFCU's earnings at the end of a dividend period, and cannot be guaranteed. Fees could reduce earnings.