URL: https://ufcu.org/about/become-a-vendor/overview
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Become a Vendor
Become a Vendor
At UFCU, we are always looking for vendors with excellent products and services that fulfill our business needs and enhance our Members’ experience. Our Vendor Management and Procurement Teams work collaboratively with our vendors to build strong business relationships.
For information regarding solicitations (e.g. RFPs), please email
LegalVMO@ufcu.org
.
Vendor Registration
Would you like to do business with UFCU? The first step is to tell us about your company and the products or services you offer by filling out our vendor intake form. We treat all the information provided in the vendor intake form as confidential.
Once your company is registered, a UFCU representative will be in touch if we see a good match between our needs and your business. The vendor portal is also the way for you to get in touch if you have any questions for UFCU.
Get started with our
vendor intake form
.
Responsible Sourcing
We expect our vendors to have the same respect for ethics, human rights, diversity, equity, inclusion, and the environment as we do at UFCU. Vendors doing business with UFCU must review and follow our Vendor Code of Conduct, and we reserve the right to monitor our vendors’ compliance with this code.
Review UFCU’s
Vendor Code of Conduct
Supplier Diversity Program
UFCU seeks to engage vendors who desire to enter into mutually beneficial relationships. We are committed to:
The business goals and objectives of both UFCU and our vendors;
Sustainable and professional vendor relationships and performance; and
Integrity, transparency, innovation, and collaboration.
UFCU is especially committed to the communities that it serves, but also believes that inclusivity provides opportunities that benefit society more broadly. Accordingly, we strive to engage vendors who are considered to be historically underutilized. Similarly, we seek vendor partners who are like-minded in our commitment to community, and who proactively engage, both directly and indirectly, Historically Underutilized Businesses (HUB), defined as businesses that are fifty-one percent owned, managed and controlled by an economically and socially disadvantaged individual or individuals, including those listed below:
Minority-Owned Business Enterprises (MBE): African American, Hispanic, Asian-Indian, Asian-Pacific, and Native American, among others.
Woman-Owned Business Enterprises (WBEs).
LGBTQ+-Owned Business Enterprises (LGBTQBE).
Disabled-Owned Business Enterprises (DOBE).
Veteran-Owned Businesses (VOBs).
Service-disabled Veteran-owned Businesses (SDVOBs).
Small Businesses, as defined by Title 13 Part 121 of the Electronic Code of Federal Regulations (eCFR).
UFCU looks forward to not just meeting our business goals with our vendors, but celebrating those achievements with vendors and our communities.