URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/tools/manage-account-access
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Manage Account Access
peace of mind starts with
u
Learn how to securely give a trusted person access to your accounts when you need support.
Your accounts can be available, even when you’re not.
Life can change quickly. Having a plan in place helps protect your finances and gives you peace of mind — no matter what comes your way. Whether you’re traveling, recovering from an illness, temporarily unavailable, or simply want support managing your finances, there are safe, secure ways to give someone you trust access to your accounts, and we’re here to help you choose the best option for you.
Visit any
UFCU branch
or call
Member Services
.
View the
full comparison chart here
.
Visit our
Member Relief Center
for more options when you or your loved ones are facing unexpected financial challenges.
Important:
Never share your password or login credentials. Instead, choose an authorized role that fits your needs.
Set an appointment
to discuss your options.
Resources and Tools
Account Alerts
Financial Success
Member Relief Center
Online Banking
Security Center
UFCU Forms
Your Options for Account Management
Role
Can they access your funds?
Are they an owner of your funds?
What can they do?
Access after Death?
Joint Account Holder
Yes, full access at any time.
Yes, they share ownership immediately.
Help manage your account immediately:
Deposit/withdraw funds with their own unique debit card
Pay bills/view transactions
Use Online Banking and the Mobile app with their own unique login
They have access immediately; some features are limited.
Beneficiary
No. Beneficiaries never have access to your account itself.
No, not during your lifetime. After your lifetime, yes, they will be an owner of your funds.
Beneficiaries should contact us after a death certificate is provided. Once beneficiary identity is verified, funds will be disbursed by mail.
Beneficiaries never have access to the account even after death.
Power of Attorney
Yes, they can access your funds and act on your behalf.
No, but they are authorized to access them.
Act on your behalf to manage your finances:
Pay bills
Deposit or withdraw money
Use Online Banking, the Mobile app, and your debit card
They have access immediately once the POA has been accepted and placed on file.
Take a moment to think about what kind of assistance you need with your accounts. There are secure ways to give someone you trust access. It is best to make these decisions before the unexpected happens so that you can make the best choice before tensions are high. Consider these possibilities:
Add a Joint Account Holder
This is ideal for shared, everyday financial management. A joint account holder
1
gets full access to your funds and immediate joint ownership of your account. Joint owners are responsible for
fees
,
overdrafts
, and
any debts
tied to the account. If one person mismanages the account,
all owners are affected
. Here’s what they can do:
Deposit or withdraw funds using their own debit card
Pay bills and view transactions
Use Online Banking and the mobile app with their own unique login
1 Membership is subject to eligibility per the
Membership and Account Agreement
. Certain restrictions apply.
Designate a Beneficiary
This is ideal for planning for the future. A beneficiary will receive the funds in your account after your passing (once a  death certificate is provided and verified). The funds are distributed after the beneficiary’s identity is confirmed. Note that beneficiaries do not have access to your account at any time
during your lifetime
. After your death, the death certificate must be provided and verified, and their identity must be confirmed. With those requirements met, your beneficiary will receive funds from the designated account(s).
Designate a Power of Attorney (POA)
This is ideal for financial support in the event you are unavailable to manage your finances and want someone to act on your behalf. A POA usually does not manage your finances on a day-to-day basis. In the event you are unavailable, they can present the POA documentation to your financial institution. Once it is verified, they get immediate access to your funds using your credentials. Here’s what they can do:
Manage finances on your behalf
Deposit and withdraw money
Use Online Banking and the Mobile app with your credentials
Pay bills and view transactions
Planning Ahead: Traveling Internationally?
Before you leave, take a few simple steps to avoid disruptions:
Update your contact information
Review or update your account roles
Consider adding a joint account holder
Set travel alerts in Online Banking
We’re here to help. Not sure which option is right for you? We’re here to guide you. You can add a joint account holder, beneficiary, or power of attorney to your account at any time.
Set an Appointment
FAQs
Should I ever share my password with someone I trust?
No. For your security, never share your password. Instead, designate a
joint account holder
, beneficiary, or POA.  Joint account holders are given their own unique login and password for Online Banking and the Mobile app.
How do I add a joint account holder, beneficiary, or POA?
Visit any UFCU branch or call Member Services. These updates cannot be completed online at this time.
What can a Power of Attorney (POA) do?
A POA can act on your behalf while you are living if you become unable to manage your finances. They can pay bills, deposit or withdraw money, and use Online Banking. Their authority ends
at the end of your lifetime
.
What can a beneficiary do?
A beneficiary does not have access to your account during your lifetime. Once a death certificate is presented after your passing, they may claim the remaining funds and then the account will be closed. You may designate multiple beneficiaries and update them at any time.
Does a joint account holder have the same access to Bill Pay as the primary owner?
Yes. A
joint account holder
can use Bill Pay, transfer funds, and manage payments just like the primary account holder.
What can a joint account holder do?
A joint account holder shares full access to your account. They are issued their own debit card and given a unique login for use with Online Banking and the Mobile app. They can deposit or withdraw money, pay bills, view transactions, and use Online Banking or the Mobile app. They also share responsibility for fees or negative balances.
What are my options if I want someone I trust to help manage my accounts?
You can designate a
joint account holder
,
beneficiary
, or
Power of Attorney (POA)
. Each option offers various levels of access depending on your needs. These roles help ensure your accounts can be managed if you’re traveling, unavailable, or facing an unexpected life event.
Get Immediate Access with the Mobile App
Download Now
Related Products and Services
ID Navigator by Norton Lifelock
Your UFCU card may qualify you for free identity theft monitoring so you can act quickly should the unexpected happen.
Explore This
VISA
®
Purchase Alerts
With 100% liability protection on any fraudulent activity, you can enjoy total peace of mind. Sign up for Visa purchase alerts through UFCU Online Banking.
Explore This
1 Membership is subject to eligibility per the
Membership and Account Agreement.
Certain restrictions apply.