URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/member-services/banking/mobile
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Mobile App
Download the UFCU Mobile app Today
A fast and secure way to manage your UFCU accounts from your mobile device or tablet.
iOS
®
Android
®
Your Finances at Your Fingertips
With the Mobile app for IOS
®
and Android™ devices, you can manage or monitor your accounts on the move. Download the UFCU Mobile app today to gain access to Mobile deposits, mobile alerts, credit score monitoring, seamless transfers to Members and non-Members, and more.
To use the app, you will be required to complete a first-time enrollment process to set up your login credentials.
Mobile App Features Coming Next!
Our teams are working diligently to turn your feedback and requests into working features in your overall banking experience. Here’s what you can expect to find in upcoming versions of the Mobile app:
Personal Finance Management and Savings — Track expenses, see trends, and manage budgets.
Savings — Set and achieve your savings goals.
Live Mobile App Features
We’re aiming to transform your everyday banking experience. Convenient, speedy service is just a tap away. Your digital banking experience includes access to the following features in the Mobile app, and many more:
Alerts
Bill Pay
Credit Card Cash Advances
Credit Card Spend Limits
Enrollment
Credit and Debit Card Management (Activate, Lock/Unlock, Replacement Cards, Set/Change PIN)
Easier Access to interest rates
Easily Update Statement Preference
Integration with Plaid
Intuit
®
Support
Member Service Inquiries or Support Requests
Member to Member Transfers — Schedule immediate transfers to other UFCU Members
Memos/Notes
Mobile Check Deposits
Mortgage (home loan) Payments
Product + Account Grouping
Statement Access
Transaction History
Not seeing what you’re looking for? Please
share your feedback
. We consider every suggestion and look forward to incorporating your feedback into our next releases.
Your Security Is Our Priority
We use enhanced security technology to keep your accounts safe.
Universal password across all accounts on all devices.
Advanced data encryption using SSL. (Look for the padlock icon and the prefix “https” in your browser's address bar.)
No account spam.
We will never request your account number, password, or other personal information in an unsolicited email.
If you receive a suspicious email claiming to be from UFCU, please
contact us
before responding or opening any links in the email.
See Mobile Wallet Terms and Conditions.
How to Enroll
Download the Mobile app:
iOS
|
Android
On the login page, select “No” when asked if you have already created a username or password. You will be redirected to a web browser to finish your enrollment.
Enter your UFCU account number and information to identify yourself (either your social security number or date of birth) and click Continue.
Create your new username and password.
Read through and agree to the Terms & Conditions.
Reopen your Mobile app, log in, and start monitoring your finances on the go.
Maintenance Schedule
While we strive for 24/7 access, we occasionally must schedule downtime. Should you have urgent banking needs, please
contact us
during normal operating hours.
Day
Hours
Mobile App Impact
Daily
10 PM–1 AM
There will be a delay on transfers, deposits, alerts, and card locking/unlocking during this time. All other features of the Mobile app are available.
Sundays
Midnight–4 AM
Possible system maintenance; all the Mobile app features will be unavailable.
Any other service disruptions will be announced as they are scheduled.
Supported Devices
To take advantage of the Mobile app, your device must have one of the following operating systems, or later:
iOS 16.0
Android 12.0
Download the App
Download on the App Store
Get it on Google Play
Have access to a computer?
UFCU Online Banking
Banking 24/7
Resources & Tools
Mobile Banking FAQ
Setting and Attaining Financial Goals
ATM Safety Tips
UFCU Account Security