URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/member-services/banking
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Banking Services
Count the Ways
In so many ways, we tap technology and our caring employees to make banking convenient and comfortable for you.
Mobile App
·
In-Person Services
·
Phone Services
·
Digital Payment Solutions
·
Account Alerts
·
Direct Deposit
·
Saving Bonds
·
Wire Transfers
·
Overdraft Services
·
Credit Coach
·
Premier Banking
Online Banking
Access all your UFCU accounts 24/7 with one universal login.
Transfer money, pay bills, manage your cards, loans, and accounts, and more.
Learn more about
Online Banking
.
Enroll
Log in
Mobile App
Access your UFCU accounts everywhere you are.
Download our app to access all your UFCU accounts 24/7 with one universal login. Make secure mobile deposits, transfer money, pay bills, manage your accounts, and more.
Learn more about the
Mobile app
.
Download the App
iOS
®
Android™
In-Person Services
At one of our conveniently located branches, you can get help from a friendly UFCU expert anytime.
Stop by any branch at your convenience for assistance in our lobby or drive-thru, or minimize your wait time by making an appointment in advance. We’re happy to help with anything along your financial journey.
Learn More
Make an Appointment
Phone Services
Don’t have access to the internet? Not to worry. With Self-Service Phone Banking, you can check balances, verify deposits, make loan payments, and more.
Most everyday financial transactions can be performed over the phone. If you require more help, Member Services is available by phone during business hours. Shorten your call by getting a permanent, personal phone verification code.
Contact us
to create your Phone Verification Code today.
Learn More
Digital Payment Solutions
Simplify the way you shop.
UFCU offers several easy and secure digital payment solutions. Choose from Apple Pay
®
, Google Pay™, Samsung Pay™, PayPal™, VISA
®
, and more.
Learn More
Account Alerts
Stay on top of spending and keep your accounts secure
Sign up for UFCU account alerts to get regular account summary information and stay up-to-date on account, and card information. Account alerts are free, and setting them up couldn’t be simpler. You provide your contact information. You define the criteria that trigger an alert, like an account balance change or deposit/withdrawal notification. You stay informed.
We also offer
VISA Purchase Alerts
. These alerts give you real-time information regarding activity on your Visa debit and credit card.
Learn More
Direct Deposit
Skip the hassle of depositing paychecks and access your earnings instantly in your UFCU account — no trip to a branch required.
Direct deposit is easy, secure, and free to our Members. Sign up with your account number and UFCU’s routing number (314977405).
Direct Deposit Forms
Savings Bonds
Ready to cash in your Series EE/E Federal Savings Bond? UFCU will redeem it for you at no cost.
Savings Bonds are sold through the US Department of the Treasury and can be redeemed at UFCU in accordance with federal regulations, as long as all identification requirements are met.
Purchase Savings Bonds Online
TreasuryDirect
Wire Transfers
We make sending and receiving money quick and painless. Outgoing transfers requested before 2:30 PM, and incoming transfers received before 4 PM, will be processed the same day.
Transfer funds to or from anyone:
Outgoing domestic transfers: $20
All incoming transfers: $0
Note: UFCU no longer offers outgoing international transfers.
Send Funds
Incoming Funds
Overdraft Services
Unexpected expenses happen. When your account lacks funds for a transaction, Overdraft Services can help keep you covered when you need it most.
Manage your account with added peace of mind through our available options:
Overdraft Protection Transfer
Line of Credit
Courtesy Pay
Learn More
Credit Coach
Get real-time access to your credit score.
Monitor your credit, track goals, and utilize credit tools seamlessly inside Digital Banking.
Learn More
Premier Banking
Elevate Your Banking
With the right tools, expert guidance, and a personalized approach, we’ll help you make informed decisions to reach the next level of financial achievement.
Experience Premier
Send Funds
Close modal dialog
To submit an outgoing domestic wire request:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the wire request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
Start the process now
(opens in a new window)