URL: https://ufcu.org/business/loans/lines-of-credit
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Business Revolving Lines of Credit
Cash Flow
to Make the Most of Opportunities
Get cash for your business when you need it.
Keep your business and cash flow moving forward with access to short-term funding when you need it most. UFCU offers Lines of Credit
1
for as little as $10,000 or as much as $100,000. Terms are up to 7 years, and there are no fees.
Empower yourself (and your business) to tackle whatever comes your way.
Learn More About Business Membership
Borrow — Repay — Repeat
The UFCU business revolving line of credit provides your business with the cash it needs for temporary gaps in cash flow to cover expenses, inventory, and other obligations. Let UFCU help your company achieve its financial goals with a flexible and affordable line of credit.
There are no annual fees, and you can conveniently track your transfers through
Online Banking
.
You can apply for $10,000-$100,000, which revolves for two years with an adjustable rate, and you only pay interest monthly. After two years, the loan will be converted to a 5-year, fully amortized loan with a fixed rate. To see if your business is eligible for a business banking loan,
see our business banking requirement
.
We’re here to help you and your business prosper.
Apply Online
Rates
All rates are indexed to Wall Street Journal Prime Rate of the previous month. Your rate during the 2-year revolving period is set on the first day of each month. On the first day of the 25th month, when your 5-year term begins, your rate becomes fixed.
Your rate is fixed on the 25th month, when your 5-year term begins.
A loan documentation fee of $175 will be assessed at closing.
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit and risk score
Excellent
Good
Average
10.50%
11.25%
12.25%
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
Related Products and Services
Business Money Market
Let your business’ savings grow with a Business Money Market Account.
Explore This
UFCU Mobile App
Discover the features of our Mobile app, which works on iPhone
®
, iPad
®
, and Android
2
devices.
Explore This
1 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.
2 Android is a trademark of Google LLC.