URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/investments/premier-banking
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Premier Banking
financial solutions all about
u
Personal relationships, tailored benefits, and one-to-one support to help you throughout your financial journey.
Elevate Your Banking
the premier banking
difference
To be eligible for Premier Banking, a UFCU Member must maintain $250,000 in deposits and/or investments in total, not just UFCU accounts.
Discover and Assess
With Premier Banking, your priorities are carefully identified, bringing clarity to the journey from where you are now to where you aspire to be.
Collaborate and Plan
Your dedicated Premier Banker works alongside UFCU specialists to seamlessly align every part of your financial journey.
Implement and Monitor
You get a tailored service experience to support your lifestyle, wealth, and goals, with regular check-ins to adjust your plan along the way.
get your free Premier Banking brochure
Thank you for your interest in Premier Banking.
Download Brochure
Loading...
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Submit
we want to get to know
u
Our Premier Banking Team is here for you! Schedule a meeting with one of our Premier Bankers and discover how they can help you reach your goals.
Ken Aoshima
NMLS #842371
Book Now
“Ken delivers a level of service that is rare today. He follows up, he anticipates my needs, and he explains things in a way that makes complex banking decisions simple. His professionalism, expertise, and sincerity give me complete confidence that my finances are in great hands”
Rene
, 22 Years of Membership
Jeff Birk
NMLS #919553
Book Now
“Jeff Birk is knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. He is actively trying to find ways to help me better. He listens carefully and responds to my need in the most perfect manner with undivided attention. Kudos to Jeff, and also to UFCU for hiring, training and retaining employees like Jeff Birk. Thank you.”
Rajendra
, 46 Years of Membership
get advice at
every
financial stage
With elevated services and strategic financial tools that match your ambition.
banking
With Premier Banking, you gain access to elevated services designed for where you are and where you’re going. Your dedicated Premier Banker provides personalized guidance for complex banking and credit solutions, supported by UFCU’s full suite of products and services.
borrowing
We offer tailored solutions to help you reach your goals faster. Your premier banker gives you access to a range of credit options, including auto rates as low as 4.99% APR
1
and Home Equity Loan
2
options — plus the confidence of working with a team that understands you.
investing
Personalized guidance to get you where you want to go. Your personal banker helps pick the financial advisor that best suits your portfolio. Your UFCU Investment Services Financial Advisor
3
will help you craft tax-efficient strategies
4
and assist you through life’s changes — even when markets fluctuate.
insurance
You’ve achieved a lot. And you’re still moving forward. Protecting what you’ve built is essential. Your Premier Banker partners with you to help preserve and grow your legacy, offering thoughtful risk management and personalized insurance solutions along the way.
1 APR = Annual Percentage Rate. Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply. Rates subject to change.
2 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.
3
Securities and advisory services are offered through LPL Financial (LPL), a registered investment advisor and broker-dealer (member
FINRA
/
SIPC
).
Insurance products are offered through LPL or its licensed affiliates. UFCU and UFCU Investment Services
ARE NOT
registered as a broker-dealer or investment advisor. Registered representatives of LPL offer products and services using UFCU Investment Services, and may also be employees of UFCU. These products and services are being offered through LPL or its affiliates, which are separate entities from, and not affiliates of, UFCU or UFCU Investment Services. Securities and insurance offered through LPL or its affiliates are:
Not Insured by NCUA or Any Other Government Agency
Not Credit Union Guaranteed
Not Credit Union Deposits or Obligations
May Lose Value
4 UFCU does not provide tax or legal advice. For such guidance, please consult a tax and/or legal advisor.