URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/credit-cards/travel-rewards
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Travel & Rewards Card
Rewards
for Using Your Card
Everyday purchases just got more rewarding.
The UFCU Travel & Rewards VISA
®
earns you 2 points for every dollar you spend on everyday purchases.
1
At a Glance
2
Annual Fee
$0
Balance Transfers
Fee-free
Rewards
2 points per $1 spent; Points never expire
Cash Advances
Up to 25% of your credit limit
1% cash advance fee
with a $5 minimum fee
Apply Now
Credit That Takes You Places
Wondering how to finance that trip to visit friends or family? Wishing you could win a sweepstakes to update an appliance? Collect points every month by putting purchases on your Travel & Rewards card and watch your points balance grow. There’s no annual fee.
1
The rewards program is simple, easy-to-use, and earns you 2 points for every $1 you spend using your card. Get 15% more points if you qualify and maintain a Plus Checking account.
2
Redeem your points any time for travel (with no blackout dates!), experiences, merchandise, gift cards, and more. Your card comes with 100% coverage for fraud and free security monitoring. Get an instant-issue replacement card in the case of fraud or loss at any UFCU branch.
Stockpile points with every purchase you make, and redeem them at any time. The points you earn never expire, so you can save up to go big!
2
Explore Rewards
Rates
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit
2
Your Credit
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Marginal
Low / No score
Travel Rewards VISA
®
13.90%
14.90%
15.90%
16.90%
17.90%
17.90%
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Pause to Protect U
Visit the Security Center
FAQs
What is Visa Platinum?
Visa Platinum is the type of card you will use for UFCU Credit card rewards. Learn more from
Visa
.
How can I redeem rewards and points from my credit card?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the credit card that offers rewards or points.
In the Self-Service section, click Redeem, or click the Points & Rewards button located under the current balance.
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking your card isn’t a notification that your card is lost or stolen, or that there have been unauthorized transactions on your account. It’s simply a way to confirm no transactions can be made until you find your card. If your card is lost or stolen, or if you notice unauthorized transactions, please call
(888) 842-6328
immediately.
View More
Related Products and Services
Plus Checking Account
Receive 15% more points as a bonus on your rewards card just for maintaining a Plus Checking account! Bonus points are added to your rewards balance every three months.
Explore This
Travel Accident Insurance
Relax on your trip with the peace of mind that travel accident insurance brings. This benefit is provided free — among others that come with your Visa Platinum Travel & Rewards card.
Explore This (PDF)
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Credit cards are subject to credit approval. Requirements include having a UFCU checking account with:
A balance of at least $500, or
A monthly balance of $50 for the last 3 months, or
Receive a direct deposit in your UFCU checking account.
2 Please see
Terms and Conditions (PDF)
for rate, fee and other cost information, as well as explanation of payment allocation. All terms may be subject to change.
Balance Transfer Form
Close modal dialog
To transfer your credit card balance:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the credit card company from which you want to transfer:
Name
Payment Address
Account Number
Amount to transfer
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now