URL: https://ufcu.org/business/cards/cash-back
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Business Cash Back Card
Points
that Don’t Expire
Generate revenue whenever you use your card.
Flip the script on accounting and move purchasing into the income column.
With your business’s Cash Back credit card
1
, you’ll earn non-expiring points redeemable for cash — 1.5% for every $1 you spend.
2
Apply Online
Offset a Portion of Your Expenses
The way to earn 1.5% cash back for every $1 spent is simply use your UFCU Cash Back credit card to pay for purchases and services. Even better news? Receiving cash back is just as easy as earning it. We can deposit the cash back you earn into your savings account or apply it to your card balance.
Redeem your Cash Back points at any time throughout the year, and your points never expire.
1
To view your points, access digital banking and select reward points for your credit card. Enjoy the card’s many other benefits — like cash advances up to 25% of your credit limit (for a 1% cash-advance fee with a $5.00 minimum).
To see if your business is eligible for a UFCU business credit card, see our
eligibility requirements
. We’re here to help you and your business prosper.
Apply Online
Rates
Rate is fixed at the time your application is approved.
Cash Back redemption starts at 1,000 Points. For example 1,000 Points = $ 10 Cash Back.
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit and risk score
Your Credit
Excellent
Good
Average
Cash Back VISA
®
15.90%
16.90%
17.90%
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
FAQs
How can I add an additional user to my account?
The primary cardholder must complete and submit an
Add Authorized User Request
form.
Your request will be processed in 2-3 business days and you should receive the new card with the additional user's name in 7-10 business days.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking a card is a security feature that prevents your card from being used for transactions until the card is unlocked. To lock or unlock a card, choose Cards » Manage Cards and select the card you want to manage. Then click the toggle to lock or unlock your card.
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
What is Visa Platinum?
Visa Platinum is the type of card you will use for UFCU Credit card rewards. Learn more from
Visa
.
View More
Related Products and Services
Business Money Market
Let your business’s savings grow with a Business Money Market account.
Explore This
Equipment Loan
Purchase new or used equipment with UFCU’s great rates and flexible terms for business.
Explore This
1 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.
2 See the UFCU
Business Credit Card Agreement, Disclosures & Guaranty Agreement (PDF)
(opens in a new window)
and the
Business Rates and Fees
for complete details. See also the Travel & Rewards Card
terms and conditions (PDF)
(opens in a new window)
.
Add Authorized User
Close modal dialog
To add an authorized user to your UFCU credit card:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the person you would like to add:
Name
SSN
Date of Birth
Phone Number
Mailing Address
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now