URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/calculators
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Calculators
Calculate Your Future Success
Take control of your financial future. Our user-friendly calculators are designed to simplify complex financial decisions, making it easy for you to plan, save, and achieve your goals. Whether you're planning to get out of debt, buy a new car, or buy a new home, a good calculator can provide the clarity and confidence you need to make informed choices. Start your path to financial success today.
Calculate a Vehicle Payment
Learn How Low Your Monthly Payment Could Be
Wondering how much you should commit to paying monthly for your next vehicle? You can calculate your monthly payment with three key factors:
The net purchase price of the vehicle (plus sales tax)
The loan term (how many months you have to pay)
The interest rate for the loan
Start by entering the purchase price of the vehicle.
Enter any cash rebate or anticipated cash back.
Enter the sales tax rate for the state in which you’re purchasing the vehicle.
Enter the value of any vehicle you intend to trade in.
If you have an outstanding balance on the vehicle you want to trade in, also add that amount.
Adjust the interest rate and down payment amounts to reflect your situation and then compare the monthly payment amounts to see what works for you.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Calculate Vehicle Affordability
Learn How Much Vehicle You Can Afford
Wondering how much you should borrow for your next auto loan? Let's break it down.
Start by considering your monthly budget, any down payment you can make, and the trade-in value of your current vehicle.
Enter your ideal monthly payment and the interest rate you think you might qualify for.
Enter any cash rebates or cash back. (While these offers from the dealership can help reduce your overall spending, it's crucial to base your loan amount on your actual budget for long-term financial success.)
Adjust the purchase details to see how much vehicle you can afford based on the loan term you choose.
Finally, review your results in the chart and table to get a clear picture of your options.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Compare Monthly Payment by Term
Find the Best Loan Term for You
Not sure how to decide on a loan term? The “term” of your vehicle loan is the duration of time, usually in months, you have to pay off the loan in full. The term can make an enormous difference in your monthly payment. It also can also have a significant impact on the amount of interest you will pay over the course of the loan.
A shorter term means fewer months to pay off the loan. That translates to higher monthly payments, but you’ll pay less interest (and thus l
ess money overall
).
A longer term means more months to pay off the loan. That translates to lower monthly payments, but you’ll pay more interest (and thus
more money overall
).
You want to strike a healthy balance between finding a monthly payment you can afford without paying too much interest over the life of the term. Start by entering the vehicle purchase price.
Enter how much you will pay for a down payment.
Enter any cash rebate or anticipated cash back.
Enter the sales tax rate for the state in which you’re purchasing the vehicle.
Enter the value of any vehicle you intend to trade in.
If you have an outstanding balance on the vehicle you want to trade in, also add that amount.
Adjust the loan term, interest rate, and down payment amount to reflect your situation and learn what the right auto loan term for you is.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Calculate a Mortgage Payment
Find Your Ideal Monthly Mortgage Payment
Wondering how much you should commit to paying monthly for a new home? When you repay a mortgage, you make monthly payments to your lender. These payments cover both the loan principal and interest. Over time, the amount going toward the principal increases as your balance decreases, but your monthly payment stays the same. Your mortgage payments might also include property taxes, homeowner's insurance, and HOA dues, which often go into an escrow account managed by your lender.
You can calculate your monthly payment with these key factors:
The price of the home
Your down payment
Annual property taxes
HOA dues
Insurance and Mortgage Insurance costs  (Your down payment can affect how much mortgage insurance you pay.)
Start by entering the home purchase price.
Enter how much you will pay for a down payment.
Enter the estimated annual property taxes you will pay.
Enter estimates for HOA dues and home insurance costs.
Adjust the loan term and interest rate to reflect your situation and learn how much of a monthly payment you can afford.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Down Payment Calculator
Calculate How Much You Can Afford to Put Down
Wondering how much you should spend on the down payment of a new home? It's simple math: the bigger your down payment, the smaller your mortgage loan and the less interest you'll pay over time. Your down payment can affect your loan eligibility too. Typically, you'll need at least 3% for a down payment, but many loans require 5% or more. If you put down less than 20%, most lenders will ask you to pay Private Mortgage Insurance (PMI) until your loan-to-value ratio hits 80%. It's smart to keep a cash cushion for unexpected expenses when buying a home. Talk to your lender to find the right down payment for you.
You can calculate a down payment that makes sense with these key factors:
The price of the home
The loan term
The length of time you plan to live in the home
Your down payment
The interest rate
The mortgage insurance rate
Start by entering the home purchase price.
Enter the loan term and the length of time you plan to live in the home.
Enter one amount pay for a down payment along with the interest rate and mortgage insurance rate.
Enter details for a second down payment for comparison purposes.
Adjust these factors to learn how much of a down payment you can afford.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Calculate a Business Loan Payment
Learn How Much U Can Afford
Wondering how much you should commit to paying monthly for a business loan? You can calculate your monthly payment with three key factors:
The loan amount
The interest rate for the loan
The loan term (how many years you have to pay)
Start by entering the total expected amount to be borrowed.
Adjust the loan term and interest rate to reflect your situation and learn how much of a monthly payment you can afford.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Download Your Free Business Loan Guide
Maximize Your Bonus Dividends
See How Your Plus Checking Can Earn More
Curious how much more you could earn with Plus Checking? This calculator helps you compare the Plus Checking bonus dividend (2.25% APY
*
) to a Free Checking account.
Here’s what to know before you start:
The 2.25% APY bonus dividend applies only to the first $10,000 in your Plus Checking balance. This is why the average balance in this calculator is capped at $10,000.
You must make at least 20 qualifying transactions each month to earn the 2.25% APY.
This tool is designed for comparison purposes only and does not include other potential account factors.
To get started, enter your average balance below to estimate your potential monthly and annual earnings with Plus Checking.
* Bonus Dividends on Plus Checking. As of October 1, 2024, a
    Bonus Dividend of 2.25% APY will be paid on balances up to $10,000 in a Plus
    Checking share. Balances more than $10,000 will earn dividends at the current
    available rate. Rate is variable and subject to change after account is open.
    Fees could reduce earnings.
Dividends are credited monthly. To receive this benefit, the
    following qualifications apply.
Have at least twenty (20) eligible card transactions a month – the 20 eligible transactions can be a combination of debit card transactions on the Plus Checking share and credit card transactions on the same account in which the Plus Checking share resides. The eligible transactions must fully post within the month (i.e. pending transactions that have not fully posted are not counted).
Eligible card transactions include purchases or spend transactions (exclude transactions such as cash withdrawals, transfers, cash advances or balance transfers).
There must be a balance greater than the par value of one share to earn Bonus Dividends on a Plus Checking Share.
Eligible card transactions include purchases or spend
    transactions (exclude transactions such as cash withdrawals, transfers, cash
    advances or balance transfers).
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. Fees could reduce earnings on account. Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.