URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/checking/teen
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Teen Checking
Good Habits
Take Time
Begin their financial journey here.
It's an empowering feeling to have money of your own. Help give your teen practice managing their finances in a safe setting. Members ages 13-17 can open a Teen Checking account
1
that automatically converts to Free Checking on their 18th birthday.
It takes $0 to open this account and there’s no monthly service fee. There is a $500 daily ATM cash limit.
Contact us
, or stop by any
location
to open an account.
Build Strong Financial Habits
Teens just need a social security number and a guardian to open a Teen Checking Account at any UFCU branch. There's no minimum deposit to open it, and they can take home an instant-issue contactless VISA
®
Debit Card that same day. The card works wherever Visa is accepted and can be added to their mobile wallet.
The UFCU Mobile app helps track money, find ATMs, and transfer money to anyone. Plus, when you use your UFCU Visa card to make purchases anywhere, you’re protected from unauthorized use of your card or account information. See complete details at
UFCU and Visa Zero Liability Policy
.
A savings account is a smart investment too, but a checking account gives you practice managing your spending and handling a debit card in a hands-on way. To avoid your balance dipping below $0, you can set up Courtesy Pay, which will cover your purchases through savings.
Start building your money muscles now at UFCU, a financial home that is rooting for your bright financial future. Or
explore more options
.
Contact us
, or stop by any
location
to open an account.
Rates
Effective Date:
October 1, 2021
Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.
Fees could reduce earnings on account.
Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Programs subject to change without notice.
Account Type
Balance
Rate
APY
Teen
$500 and more
0.000%
0.00%
Teen
Less Than $500
0.499%
0.50%
Branch Out with Online Banking
Enroll Now
Related Products and Services
UFCU Mobile App
Our Mobile app works on iPhone
®
, iPad
®
and Android
2
devices. Use it to pay bills, make deposits, check balances, and more.
Explore This
Raise a Saver
It’s never too early to teach your youngsters about money management. Help them begin building a solid financial history with a Kidz or Teen Savings account.
1
They’ll thank you for it.
Explore This
1 Membership eligibility required. Accounts for minors require additional ownership by a parent, guardian, or other adult. Rates are variable and subject to change after an account is opened.
2 Android is a trademark of Google LLC.