URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/loans/credit-builder
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Credit Builder Loan
Results
while Building Your Credit
Give yourself some credit!
Whether you’re just getting started on your journey toward financial success or working to get back on track, UFCU can help you build a solid credit history.
Apply for a Credit Builder loan.
1
There’s no application fee, and you can choose from 6- to 24-month terms on loans from $500-$2,500 at great rates. Don’t worry about having little to no credit or even poor credit. We’ll help get you there.
Apply Now
Build Solid Credit with Your Own Funds
You can develop a solid credit history — let us help. UFCU offers a safe pathway to credit-building for beginners or folks who just need to get back on track. We’ll hold an agreed-upon amount in your account. As you make on-time payments toward that amount over a specified period, you’ll build a positive payment history, and you may see an improved credit score. Best of all, once you make your final payment, you'll gain access to the total loan amount.
Sound too good to be true? UFCU can help you do it. The steps are simple:
Apply for a Credit Builder loan at UFCU for a monthly amount (at least $30) that you select and a 6- to 24-month term of your choosing.
Make your payments on time. Each month, we report your payment to the three major bureaus.
When the loan term ends, we report your final payment and release the total loan amount in your account to you.
Your credit score could really climb! And afterward, you’ll have the money you have paid in your deposit account to save or spend as you like.
Apply Now
Rates
Rates listed are for this product only and are subject to change at any time.
Term
Amount Borrowed
APR
6 to 24  Months
$500 - $2500
3.00%
Put Your Savings to Work
Explore Savings Accounts
Related Products and Services
Credit Coach
Find out your current credit score and get suggestions for boosting your numbers with our online Credit Coach.
Explore This
Great Rate Card
The UFCU Great Rate VISA
®
credit card gives you all the features you need, at the lowest rates we can offer.
Explore This
1 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.