URL: https://ufcu.org/business/cards/travel-rewards
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Business Travel & Rewards Card
Value
Added to Your Purchases
Your spending translates into points you can use anytime.
Earn 2 points for every dollar you spend using your UFCU Business Travel & Rewards VISA
®
.
1
Redeem them for office enhancements, a business trip, or some R&R.
2
Apply Online
Reap Benefits like Travel, Goods, and More
If your business requires travel, this card may be for you. No time to think about travel? Select from a wide array of merchandise for your office, home office, or gift cards for clients.
There are no blackout dates for travel and your points are good for as long as you own the card. In addition to rewards, the card carries the convenient features and straightforward pricing you expect from UFCU. There’s no annual fee, and we provide fraud monitoring at no cost to you.
Gain access to helpful services, such as
Roadside Dispatch (PDF)
,
Travel Accident Insurance (PDF)
, and
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver (PDF)
.
We encourage you to read through our
eligibility requirements
and
agreement (PDF)
including guaranty provisions. This card delivers credit that takes you places.
Apply Online
Rates
Rate is fixed at the time your application is approved.
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit and risk score
Your Credit
Excellent
Good
Average
Travel Rewards VISA
®
15.90%
16.90%
17.90%
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
FAQs
How can I add an additional user to my account?
The primary cardholder must complete and submit an
Add Authorized User Request
form.
Your request will be processed in 2-3 business days and you should receive the new card with the additional user's name in 7-10 business days.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking your card isn’t a notification that your card is lost or stolen, or that there have been unauthorized transactions on your account. It’s simply a way to confirm no transactions can be made until you find your card. If your card is lost or stolen, or if you notice unauthorized transactions, please call
(888) 842-6328
immediately.
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
How can I redeem rewards and points from my credit card?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the credit card that offers rewards or points.
In the Self-Service section, click Redeem, or click the Points & Rewards button located under the current balance.
View More
Related Products and Services
Business Premium Checking
A UFCU Business Premium Checking account is ideal for robust businesses with frequent banking needs. Non-UFCU ATM fees are waived, you get free incoming wires, and there’s no charge for stop payments.
Explore This
Business Lines of Credit
Keep your business and cash flow moving forward with access to short-term funding when you need it most.
Explore This
1 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.
2 See the UFCU
Business Credit Card Agreement, Disclosures & Guaranty Agreement (PDF)
and the
Business Rates and Fees
for complete details. See also the Travel & Rewards Card
terms and conditions (PDF)
.
Balance Transfer Form
Close modal dialog
To transfer your credit card balance:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the credit card company from which you want to transfer:
Name
Payment Address
Account Number
Amount to transfer
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now
Add Authorized User
Close modal dialog
To add an authorized user to your UFCU credit card:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the person you would like to add:
Name
SSN
Date of Birth
Phone Number
Mailing Address
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now