URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/member-services/banking/phone
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Phone Banking
No Internet? No Problem
With self-service Phone Banking, you can check balances, verify deposits, make loan payments, and more. When you can’t access Online Banking, this optional verification provides relief. If you’d like to create an optional verification code, please
contact us
.
24/7 Self-Service Banking by Phone
Bank without a branch — or internet connection — with free, automated Phone Services, including inquiries for balances, deposits and cleared checks, transaction histories, and more. Our dynamic phone menu means you only hear the options that are relevant to you and your accounts. Contact Member Services at
(512) 467-8080
or
(800) 252-8311
to opt in to this free service that helps keep your account secure. Then call anytime.
Transactions You Can Complete via Phone Banking
Our current Phone Banking system has been streamlined to serve you better, including a new, improved set of menu options. The menu has changed, but you’ll still receive the same great service.
Account Inquiries
Account Transfers
Credit Card Cash Advance
Credit Card Payments
Loan Payments
Transfer Funds - My Accounts
Phone Banking Features Coming Next!
Our teams are working diligently to turn your feedback and requests into working features in your Phone Banking experience. Here’s what you can expect to find in upcoming versions of Phone Banking:
Stronger Security
— Because your safety is our top priority, our new features will provide strengthened protection for your accounts.
More Options for Service
— Enjoy a variety of new Phone Banking options, including the option to speak with a Spanish-speaking representative.
Voice Biometrics
— This new optional service will be available to Members who would like to opt in for additional security.
Virtual Agent
— Our new virtual agent will be designed to assist you seamlessly via chat and voice. With a natural, life-like voice, this AI-powered assistant will provide basic information on rates and products or direct you to the right representative for personalized help. Our virtual agent will work alongside our friendly human representatives, ensuring quick and efficient support.
Need to Speak with Someone?
Our friendly representatives are happy to help you by phone. You can opt to have a representative call you back when it’s your turn, and you won’t lose your place in line. We promise.
When we must transfer your call to another representative, even in another department, we make sure they know that your identity was confirmed. We pass along your information, so you don’t have to start over or call back.
To save time, you can create an optional phone verification code, then use that same code to verify your identity only once whenever you call. No more answering multiple identity-related questions from a representative.
If you want to make an appointment for an in-person visit, please check out our online scheduling tool:
Make an Appointment
Contact Member Services at
(512) 467-8080
or
(800) 252-8311
.
Create Your Phone Verification Code
Our Phone Verification System is designed to help you bypass a multi-question verification process without sacrificing security. Whether you want to speak to a representative or use our free, automated system, a personal, permanent phone verification code saves you time.
Call us
to set up your unique Phone Verification Code for faster phone services and easier access to your UFCU accounts and representatives… whenever, wherever you bank.
24/7 Self-Service Phone Banking
(512) 467-8080
(800) 252-8311
Download the App
UFCU Mobile app
For iOS & Android
Resources and Tools
UFCU Account Security
Dial Down Your Wait Time