URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/tools/member-relief-center
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Member Relief Center
We’re Here to Help You
Life can change quickly. Whether you’re traveling, recovering from an illness, facing a temporary disruption, or preparing for the unexpected, having a plan for your accounts helps you stay confident and in control. UFCU offers safe, legal ways to ensure someone you trust can help manage your finances when you need it most. If you or your loved ones are facing unexpected financial challenges, we’re here to support your needs with care and urgency.
Below, you’ll find resources to help you navigate relief options, manage your finances, and connect with community support.
To speak with a representative about how we can help, please call us at
(800) 252-8311
.
Ways to Protect Your Financial Access
Consider these ways to make sure a trusted friend or family member can help you with your accounts in the event that you are unable:
Designate a joint account holder
— A joint account holder can help manage your account at any time. They can deposit or withdraw money, pay bills, use Online Banking and the Mobile app, and view transactions. They will be given their own debit card and a unique login for Online Banking and the Mobile app. They also share responsibility for fees or negative balances.
Name a beneficiary
— A beneficiary ensures your funds go to the right person after your lifetime. They do not have access while you are living. You may designate multiple beneficiaries and update them at any time.
Set Up a Power of Attorney (POA)
— A POA can act on your behalf if you become unable to manage your finances. They must act in your best interest and cannot change account ownership. Their authority ends upon your passing.
To get started, visit any
UFCU branch
or call
Member Services
. These updates cannot be completed online.
Before You Travel
These actions are especially important to confirm before you leave town:
Update your contact information
Set travel alerts in Online Banking
Review your beneficiary
Add a joint account holder or POA if you need someone to help manage your finances
General Relief Resources
Access Your Accounts Anywhere, Anytime
Many tasks can be done on your computer or mobile device by using our digital services. See the
Banking Closer to U
page and these links for information about our
Online Banking
,
Mobile Banking
, and
Mobile Deposit
.
Get Financial Help for Yourself or Your Business
If your life or livelihood has been affected by disaster, consider taking advantage of any of these services:
Mortgage Payment Assistance
— Members may qualify for assistance with existing UFCU mortgage payments. Call us about your mortgage payment situation at (800) 240-4214, or email
lossmit@midwestloanservices.com
.
Business Services Assistance
— If your business is facing financial difficulties as a result of a shared community hardship, we’re here to help. Members who need assistance with their business accounts can call (512) 493-0531 or (800) 252-8311, and select option 5 then option 1.
In addition, the
US Chamber of Commerce
has a list of resources for small businesses.
Federal Stimulus Payments and Advance Tax Credits
On occasions when the federal government issues funds digitally to Member accounts, UFCU will deposit this payment into your account as soon as possible. Your financial health is our top priority. If you have questions, please reach out to
the IRS
to determine your payment status.
How to Protect Yourself from Fraud and Scams
Unfortunately, swindlers take advantage of stressful circumstances. Be wary of unfamiliar products or services, especially any that attempt to take your personal information.
If you think you have fallen victim to a scam or might have given your personal, payment, or account information to a bad actor, please call Member Services at (800) 252-8311. We’re here to help.
Learn how to
protect your information
when you are already facing loss.
In-Person Services
A complete listing of services at each UFCU location can be found on our
In-Person Services
page.
Convenient appointment scheduling of some transactions is available for most branches. Visit
appointments.UFCU.org
and choose the location, date, and time that works for you.
Drive-thru locations are open for most teller services, including instantly issued debit cards. See the
In-Person Services
for more information.
Call Us with Questions
Call Member Services at (800) 252-8311. Please allow extra time for your call, as wait times are unpredictable. We appreciate your patience and understanding.
Become a UFCU Member
At UFCU, we strongly believe in fair and honest products and outstanding Member service. We credit these values with making us Austin’s largest locally owned financial institution, also serving Galveston County. We focus on people, not profits. And during a crisis, our commitment to our Members is stronger than ever.
Become a UFCU Member Today
When Crisis Affects Your Finances
Preparing for life’s challenges can be difficult. We’re always here to help you make smart financial decisions that help you maintain your finances.
Explore
UFCU.org/Learn
for educational tips about how to keep your finances on track.
Frequently Asked Questions
Do I qualify for special relief?
Yes, depending on your situation. We are offering a low-interest, Member Relief loan for qualifying Members. If you qualify, there will be no payment for up to 90 days. Please call (512) 498-2277 to explain your situation and see how we can help.
May I skip my loan payments?
Yes, depending on your situation. Members may be able to skip payments on existing consumer loans and credit cards. Please call (800) 252-8311 to share your story and see how we can help.
What if I cannot pay my mortgage?
We are working with Members who need assistance with their existing UFCU mortgage payments. Please call (800) 240-4214 to share your situation and see how we can help.
Can I deposit checks without going to a drive-thru or branch?
Yes. We offer the UFCU Mobile Banking app, which lets you make secure mobile deposits, transfer funds, view your account balances and recent activity, and more. Visit our
Mobile Banking
page.
Is our money safe at UFCU?
Yes. Your deposits with UFCU are federally insured by the NCUA for up to $250,000 per Member.
Learn More
Can I enter a UFCU facility without an appointment?
Yes, if the location is not on an educational campus or is not temporarily closed. See our
In-Person Services
page for more information.
What types of transactions can I complete in the drive-thru?
The following transactions can be completed at
select locations
: Deposits, withdrawals, transfer of funds within UFCU accounts, loan payments, getting a new debit card, balance inquiries, and account history. Our
In-Person Services
page covers the most up-to-date details about locations and services, so you can quickly discover where and how to get your financial errands done.
Community Resources
We have compiled trusted online resources, nonprofit organizations, and government agencies that offer support and important information. Please take advantage of these services if you need them.
General Assistance and Meeting Basic Needs
Findhelp.org
is a social care network that connects people and programs — making it easy for people to find social services in their communities. Simply type in your ZIP code to find resources in your area.
2-1-1 Texas
, a program of the Texas Health and Human Services Commission, helps Texas citizens connect with the services they need. 2-1-1 Texas, or (877) 541-7905, is a free, anonymous social service hotline available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.
ConnectATX.org
, a program of the United Way for Greater Austin, helps connect residents to resources in the community. It is available in several languages.
Galveston County Daily News
has a list of resources of all kinds for residents of the Galveston area.
Central Texas Food Bank
has created an online map and search tool to locate access to groceries, hot meals, and meals for children.
Foodpantries.org
provides a searchable list of Galveston-area food pantries along with information about subsidized groceries.
Central Texas families needing child or adult diapers can find a list of distribution sites at
Austin Diaper Bank
. This organization’s site also lists many other helpful resources. In Galveston, you can contact the
Galveston Diaper Bank
to learn more about where to get diapers.
Local Support for Small Businesses
The City of Austin Economic Development Department is offering services for struggling businesses. They include
free business coaching
and
emergency planning resources.
The City of Galveston
has created a dedicated web page with resources available at the local, state, and federal level for small business impacted by disasters.
Housing: Homeowners and Renters
Texas Apartment Association
has established a resource page for renters statewide and their rights and protections.
Austin Tenants Council
provides counseling related to the eviction process, tenant-landlord issues, disputes, and fair housing issues.
The following information is through the City of Austin and includes local, state, and federal resources.
The
Housing and Planning Department
(HPD) offers information and referrals to assist impacted community members with immediate housing needs including
resources for homeowners
and
resources for renters
.
Rental Payment Assistance
website provides resources to help pay rent and utilities.
Utility Services
Austin Energy, which manages customer care and billing for all City of Austin utilities, offers these programs that help customers stay on track with their utility bills:
Deferred payment plan: This will ensure the customer receives uninterrupted utility services as they work with utility representatives to develop a long-term plan that meets their financial needs.
Customer Assistance Programs
: Limited income customers and medically vulnerable customers may receive assistance for immediate and lasting utility-bill relief.
Learn how you can
pay your City of Austin utility bill
in person.
Residential and commercial utility customers can contact the Customer Care Contact Center at (512) 494-9400, visit
Customer Assistance Programs (CAP)
, or email
customercare@coautilities.com
with any questions. Past options have included emergency assistance, special payment arrangements, and discounts according to income guidelines.
Hablamos español:
Por favor, llama al (800) 252-8311 si tienes dudas o preguntas. Nuestros representantes están a tu disposición para ayudarte.
Skip Payments
Consumer Loans
Call
(800) 252-8311
.
Credit Cards
Call
(800) 252-8311
.
Mortgage Loans
Reach out to
Midwest Loan Services
.
Resources
Account Disclosures
Make a Plan for Managing Your Accounts (PDF)
Get in Touch
Find a location
Call Us
Drive-Thru Locations
Close modal dialog
Ben White
Brodie
Galveston
Highway 79
Lakeline
North Guadalupe
South MoPac
Steck