URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/faqs/account-management
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Account Management FAQs
Account Access
Should I ever share my password with someone I trust?
No. For your security, never share your password. Instead, designate a
joint account holder
, beneficiary, or POA.  Joint account holders are given their own unique login and password for Online Banking and the Mobile app.
How do I add a joint account holder, beneficiary, or POA?
Visit any UFCU branch or call Member Services. These updates cannot be completed online at this time.
What can a Power of Attorney (POA) do?
A POA can act on your behalf while you are living if you become unable to manage your finances. They can pay bills, deposit or withdraw money, and use Online Banking. Their authority ends
at the end of your lifetime
.
What can a beneficiary do?
A beneficiary does not have access to your account during your lifetime. Once a death certificate is presented after your passing, they may claim the remaining funds and then the account will be closed. You may designate multiple beneficiaries and update them at any time.
Does a joint account holder have the same access to Bill Pay as the primary owner?
Yes. A
joint account holder
can use Bill Pay, transfer funds, and manage payments just like the primary account holder.
What can a joint account holder do?
A joint account holder shares full access to your account. They are issued their own debit card and given a unique login for use with Online Banking and the Mobile app. They can deposit or withdraw money, pay bills, view transactions, and use Online Banking or the Mobile app. They also share responsibility for fees or negative balances.
What are my options if I want someone I trust to help manage my accounts?
You can designate a
joint account holder
,
beneficiary
, or
Power of Attorney (POA)
. Each option offers various levels of access depending on your needs. These roles help ensure your accounts can be managed if you’re traveling, unavailable, or facing an unexpected life event.
Resources
Account Disclosures
Make a Plan for Managing Your Accounts (PDF)
(opens in a new window)