URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/articles
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Articles
Knowledge Is Power
We’re here to advise.
Preparing for life’s changes and challenges is no easy task. We’re here to help you make smart financial decisions that push you to the next level of prosperity, and education is your best path to success.
Rely on us for honest, practical advice that can help you manage your money, invest and save, build good credit, buy a car or a home, and more. Whatever you’re striving toward, we’re here to help you get there.
The Latest Articles
What’s the Ideal Credit Score for Home Loans?
Updated September 9, 2026
What credit score do you need for a home loan? Learn how FICO credit scores, credit usage, and your credit profile can affect mortgage eligibility, rates, and terms—and what you can do to improve your credit before applying.
When to Refinance Your Auto Loan
Updated September 9, 2026
Refinancing your car loan can save you money in interest and lower your payments. Is now a good time to refinance? Consider these five tips before you decide.
What Is a Credit Union? A Comprehensive Guide by UFCU
Updated September 4, 2026
Explore what is a credit union and discover their incredible benefits. Learn from UFCU's detailed guide to elevate your financial knowledge.
Are credit unions better than banks?
Updated September 4, 2026
Uncover the vital differences and secure your savings with the right choice today.
Income-Based Repayment Plans: 10 Questions to Guide Your Research
Updated September 4, 2026
Learn if you qualify to take advantage of Income-Based Repayment (IBR) plans.
Three Ways New Parents Can Save Money
Updated September 4, 2026
When you have a baby, it’s easy for expenses to add up. But not all of the typical baby expenses are necessary. If you’re looking for ways to tighten your budget, consider these three expenses that many new parents might categorize as nonessential.
Join the Credit Union Movement
Updated August 25, 2026
If you haven’t experienced the credit union advantage, it may be time to join the movement. Give us a call, or stop by your local branch anytime to chat with a personal financial representative and learn more.
Four Practical Reasons to Join a Credit Union
Updated August 25, 2026
Credit unions are a great alternative to traditional banks. Here are four practical reasons everyone should join a credit union.
Three Credit Union Benefits and the Principles Behind Them
Updated August 25, 2026
Ever wonder why credit unions are able to offer great rates and lower fees, personalized service, and emphasize people over profits? Here’s a list of three great credit union benefits and the guiding principles that make them possible.
Protect Your Business from Preventable Risk
Updated August 19, 2026
Get simple, practical steps to help protect your business from fraud, payment scams, and unauthorized activity.
Stay Safe Online: Simple Ways to Protect Your Accounts
Updated August 19, 2026
Get clear, practical steps to strengthen everyday account security. Small, consistent habits can significantly reduce your risk of fraud if you recognize suspicious activity early, use secure tools, and stay proactive about monitoring your accounts.
Three Tips for Smart Investing
Updated August 6, 2026
A practical, easy to understand guide to smart investing for all ages — including students who are just beginning their financial journey. Learn how to set goals, understand risk, and diversify your investments to build long term financial confidence.
Five Reasons to Consider Life Insurance
Updated July 22, 2026
Life insurance helps protect loved ones, cover final expenses, and support long-term financial goals. It can offer flexibility and peace of mind as your life changes, especially if others depend on you or you share financial responsibilities.
Three Ways to Learn More About Investing
Updated July 1, 2026
Are you eager to understand the world of Investments? Here are three ways you can get started on the path to becoming a knowledgeable investor.
Ready for the Road: How to Buy a Car When You’re Building Credit
Updated June 12, 2026
Buying a car with low or building credit is possible — especially when you understand what lenders look for. This guide walks you through how to buy a car, from improving your credit to saving for a down payment and getting preapproved for a first-time auto loan.
Understanding the Auto Loan Preapproval Process When You’re Building Credit
Updated June 12, 2026
Getting preapproved for an auto loan can make car buying easier, especially if you’re building or rebuilding credit. This guide explains the auto loan preapproval process in Texas, what lenders review, how to prepare with low or no credit, and how UFCU can help you shop confidently and save money.
Jump-Start Your Savings
Updated June 12, 2026
Build your savings with simple steps that fit your life. Learn practical ways to start strong, stay consistent, and make the most of your money with UFCU.
Finance Tips for College Grads
Updated June 12, 2026
Creating a bright financial future takes discipline and motivation, especially for those just embarking upon their careers after graduation. Here are a few key financial tasks that every recent grad should plan on.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
»
Categories
Be a Wise Consumer
Business Tools
Buy & Own a Car
Buy & Own a Home
Conquer Life’s Challenges
Establish Your Finances
Insure Your Home & Property
Invest & Save
Manage Your Finances
Prioritize Your Security
Understand Your Credit
View All