URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/checking/plus
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Plus Checking
premium perks for a busy life
Earn up to 2.25% APY
2
when you make 20+ purchases per month.
Start Earning Now
Perks
for Higher Balances
U deserve to earn more.
As a Plus Checking
1
Member, you get premium perks:
Bonus dividends
2
on your balance
A 0.25% rate discount on your next UFCU auto loan
3
15% more points on your UFCU rewards credit card
8
A credit on your next home loan
4
Reimbursed international services fees
For Members who meet the requirements, the $10 monthly service fee will be waived
5
. Start getting more with your checking.
Open an Account
Dividends and Rewards
Good things come your way when you select Plus Checking. You can earn bonus dividends on the first $10,000 in your account, and the $10 monthly service fee is waived
5
when your combined month-end balances
6
are $10,000 or more, or if your monthly qualifying electronic deposits are $4,000 or more.
6
You’ll get free ATM transactions and money orders. Plus, be reimbursed automatically for international transaction fees on your Plus Checking debit card purchases.
7
You’ll receive 15% more points on your UFCU Cash Back VISA
®
Credit Card or Travel & Rewards Visa
®
Credit Card.
8
Earned bonus points are added to your rewards balance quarterly.
Consider our card security, technology, and services. Then compare the benefits of a UFCU Plus Checking account to those of traditional financial institutions. You won’t be disappointed.
Here’s your easy checklist of
ways to earn
after you open a Plus Checking
2
account:
Make 20+ Qualifying Transactions Monthly:
Use your debit or credit card for everyday purchases — excluding cash withdrawals or transfers — to qualify for the Bonus Dividend.
Earn the full 2.25% APY on balances up to $10,000:
Higher balances earn at the current available rate.
Enjoy Premium Perks:
Don’t forget to take advantage of new
auto loan rate discounts
3
, mortgage closing credits
4
, bonus credit card points
8
, and reimbursed international services fees when the time is right.
Are you leaving money on the table?
Too often, Plus Checking Members don’t maximize their debit card usage to earn the full
2.25% APY Bonus Dividend
2
.
Maximize your potential with the power of interest
. Use our
interactive calculator
to explore how your Plus Checking balance can grow over time. It’s a fun, intuitive way to visualize your financial momentum.
Open an Account
When Are Bonus Points Issued?
Bonus Points Earned
Bonus Points Issued
Spring (March-May)
July
Summer (June-August)
October
Fall (September-November)
January
Winter (December-February)
April
Rates
Effective Date:
October 1, 2024
Fees could reduce earnings on account.
Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.
Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Programs subject to change without notice.
* Complete at least 20 eligible card transactions (debit or credit card) a month to earn a bonus dividend. Certain restrictions apply
‡
.
Account Type
Balance
Rate
APY
Plus (without bonus)
$0 to $10,000
0.010%
0.01%
Plus (with bonus
*
)
$0 to $10,000
2.227%
2.25%
Plus
$10,000 and more
0.010%
0.01%
Calculator
Maximize Your Bonus Dividends
See How Your Plus Checking Can Earn More
Curious how much more you could earn with Plus Checking? This calculator helps you compare the Plus Checking bonus dividend (2.25% APY
*
) to a Free Checking account.
Here’s what to know before you start:
The 2.25% APY bonus dividend applies only to the first $10,000 in your Plus Checking balance. This is why the average balance in this calculator is capped at $10,000.
You must make at least 20 qualifying transactions each month to earn the 2.25% APY.
This tool is designed for comparison purposes only and does not include other potential account factors.
To get started, enter your average balance below to estimate your potential monthly and annual earnings with Plus Checking.
* Bonus Dividends on Plus Checking. As of October 1, 2024, a
    Bonus Dividend of 2.25% APY will be paid on balances up to $10,000 in a Plus
    Checking share. Balances more than $10,000 will earn dividends at the current
    available rate. Rate is variable and subject to change after account is open.
    Fees could reduce earnings.
Dividends are credited monthly. To receive this benefit, the
    following qualifications apply.
Have at least twenty (20) eligible card transactions a month – the 20 eligible transactions can be a combination of debit card transactions on the Plus Checking share and credit card transactions on the same account in which the Plus Checking share resides. The eligible transactions must fully post within the month (i.e. pending transactions that have not fully posted are not counted).
Eligible card transactions include purchases or spend transactions (exclude transactions such as cash withdrawals, transfers, cash advances or balance transfers).
There must be a balance greater than the par value of one share to earn Bonus Dividends on a Plus Checking Share.
Eligible card transactions include purchases or spend
    transactions (exclude transactions such as cash withdrawals, transfers, cash
    advances or balance transfers).
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. Fees could reduce earnings on account. Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.
Experience Premier Banking
Elevate Your Banking
Related Products and Services
Higher Rates Are Worth the Wait
Get a guaranteed return with a Certificate and boost your earnings on funds that will not be needed during the certificate’s term.
Explore This
Investing Available Through LPL
9
Discover reliable financial resources at UFCU. Speak with an LPL advisor today to create a solid financial plan and begin preparing for a bright tomorrow.
Explore This
1 Subject to eligibility requirements. Rates are variable and subject to change after an account is opened. Certain restrictions apply. See full
Plus Checking Terms & Conditions (PDF)
.
2
‡
Bonus Dividends on Plus Checking. As of October 1, 2024, a Bonus Dividend of 2.25% APY will be paid on balances up to $10,000 in a Plus Checking share. Balances more than $10,000 will earn dividends at the current available rate. Rate is variable and subject to change after account is open. Fees could reduce earnings.
Dividends are credited monthly. To receive this benefit, the following qualifications apply:
Have at least twenty (20) eligible card transactions a month – the 20 eligible transactions can be a combination of debit card transactions on the Plus Checking share and credit card transactions on the same account in which the Plus Checking share resides. The eligible transactions must fully post within the month (i.e. pending transactions that have not fully posted are not counted).
Eligible card transactions include purchases or spend transactions (exclude transactions such as cash withdrawals, transfers, cash advances or balance transfers).
There must be a balance greater than the par value of one share to earn Bonus Dividends on a Plus Checking Share.
3 Auto Loan Rate Discount. A Plus Checking account can receive a 0.25% discount on a consumer auto loan (excluding internal refinances). The discount would take a quarter of a point (0.25% or 25 Bps) off the standard auto loan rate the Member qualified for. The 0.25% auto loan discount for Plus Checking members is not applicable to rates of 4.99% APR with terms of 1-48 months. The Plus Checking member discount is available on all other rates and terms. For more details, please speak with a loan officer.
To receive the Auto Loan Rate discount, the following apply:
A Plus Checking share must be open on the same account (i.e. the same UFCU share account number) in which the consumer auto loan resides at the time of loan origination.
The discount can only be applied to a consumer auto loan opened after 12:01 AM on 10/1/2024.
The discount only applies to a new-to-UFCU consumer auto loan, which includes the following loan types:
Purchase (purchase of an auto)
External Refinance (purchased with dealer and Member refinances with UFCU)
The discount is not available on:
Existing auto loans funded prior to opening the Plus Checking share
Loans already financed with UFCU (e.g. an internally refinanced auto loan)
Any other loan balance at UFCU
Commercial or Business auto loans
The Member must qualify for the auto loan to receive the discount.
Having a Plus Checking account does not guarantee loan approval.
All the standard qualifications for obtaining the loan must be met.
4 Mortgage Fee Credit. A Plus Checking account can receive a $200 credit after funding a mortgage with UFCU. The credit will be applied as a deposit transaction to your Plus Checking within 60 days after loan funding. To receive the mortgage credit, the following apply:
A Plus Checking share must be open on the same account (i.e., the same UFCU share account number) in which the mortgage resides.
The credit can only be issued on qualifying Mortgage types funded after 12:00 AM on October 1, 2024.
Qualifying Mortgage types include first-lien residential mortgages to purchase a Primary home, Secondary home, Investment property, or Parcel of land. Other mortgage types do not qualify, such as (but not limited to) Commercial real estate loans, refinance loans, home equity loans, second-lien loans, construction loans, or home improvement loans.
The credit will be issued within 60 days of funding the loan. If a Plus Checking share doesn’t exist (has been closed, charged off, or converted to a different checking share type), the credit will not be issued. The credit cannot be issued on another checking share type.
The Member must qualify for the Mortgage loan to receive the credit.
In accordance with IRS tax regulations, this credit is considered a dividend and will be reported as taxable income on your tax documents. If your account is configured to not receive dividends, that account is not eligible for this credit.
5 Your $10 monthly service fee will be waived if your combined month-end balances are $10,000 or more, or if your monthly qualifying electronic deposits are $4,000 or more. A qualifying electronic deposit is a deposit of funds, such as your salary, government benefit payment, or other income, that has been posted to your account and is made through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network. Transfers from one account to another, mobile deposits, instant payments processed through the RTP
®
network (real-time payment system) or FedNow
®
Service, an electronic credit from a third-party service that facilitates payments to your debit card using the Visa
®
or Mastercard
®
network, or deposits made at a branch or ATM are not considered a qualifying electronic deposit.
6 Savings, Checking, Money Market, Certificate of Deposit, and IRA accounts combined under one account number.
7 Reimbursed International Transaction Fees. International Transaction Fees that are incurred on a Plus Checking debit card will be reimbursed within twenty-four (24) hours on the actual balance of the associated Plus Checking share. Unless otherwise indicated, no other assessed fees will be automatically reimbursed in this manner. To receive the “Reimbursed International Transaction Fees” said International Transaction Fee must have been assessed on a Plus Checking debit card linked to the applicable Plus Checking Share on or after 12:01 AM on 06/01/2024.
International Transaction Fees assessed on other checking account types or credit card accounts are not eligible for reimbursed international transaction fees.
8 Bonus Credit Card Rewards. Plus Checking Members can earn up to 15% more credit card reward points (“Bonus Reward Points”) when using a UFCU Rewards Card. Bonus Reward Points are issued periodically and are based on points already earned.
To receive the Bonus Reward Points, there must be a Plus Checking share open on the same account (i.e. the same UFCU share account number) in which the UFCU Rewards Card resides at time of bonus point issuance. The Bonus Reward Points cannot be issued before the Plus Checking share is open.
Bonus Reward Points are earned by purchasing/spending dollars and not by performing cash advances or balance transfers, and are issued periodically based on regular points earned during a specific period. Visit ufcu.org/pluschecking for more information.
Having a Plus Checking share does not guarantee approval for a UFCU Rewards Card nor an extension of credit.
9
Securities and advisory services are offered through LPL Financial (LPL), a registered investment advisor and broker-dealer (member
FINRA
/
SIPC
).
Insurance products are offered through LPL or its licensed affiliates. UFCU and UFCU Investment Services
ARE NOT
registered as a broker-dealer or investment advisor. Registered representatives of LPL offer products and services using UFCU Investment Services, and may also be employees of UFCU. These products and services are being offered through LPL or its affiliates, which are separate entities from, and not affiliates of, UFCU or UFCU Investment Services. Securities and insurance offered through LPL or its affiliates are:
Not Insured by NCUA or Any Other Government Agency
Not Credit Union Guaranteed
Not Credit Union Deposits or Obligations
May Lose Value