URL: https://ufcu.org/business/savings/savings
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Business Savings
Thrift
Is a Form of Innovation
Start saving toward your business goals.
UFCU supports your dreams. A Business Savings Account
1
is a vote of confidence in your future plans, and you can withdraw anytime.
It’s also a backup plan in case of surprises — and businesses can be full of surprises. Dream big and be prepared with a Business Savings Account.
Membership Requirements
Great Rates to Grow Your Business
All UFCU savings accounts are fee-free, federally insured, and easy to manage. Plan for the future of your business with a Business Savings Account, specially designed with thrift in mind.
You also can make unlimited withdrawals and deposits as needed with no monthly fee.
Dividends are calculated on your daily balance and are posted to your account every quarter. We currently pay dividends on the portion of your balance that is above $100.
2
Like our other deposit accounts, your Business Savings funds are federally insured by NCUA up to $250,000 across all deposit accounts held by a business.
Stop by any branch to speak to a representative about opening a Business Banking account today.
Find a Location
Rates
Effective Date:
October 1, 2021
* Calculated daily; paid monthly on balances of $100 or more.
Rate is variable and subject to change after account is opened.
Fees could reduce earnings on account.
Account Type
Balance
Rate
APY
*
Savings
$100 and more
0.010%
0.01%
Premium Savings
$100 and more
0.250%
0.25%
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
Related Products and Services
Business Cash Back Card
Redeem points for cash back to either your savings account or apply it to your card balance. (Cash Back redemption starts at 1,000 points.)
Explore This
Business Auto Loans
Whether you’re purchasing new or used — or looking to refinance — UFCU offers great rates and flexible terms for business vehicles.
Explore This
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Rates are variable and subject to change after an account is opened.
2 Dividends are based on UFCU's earnings at the end of a dividend period and cannot be guaranteed.