URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/credit-cards/compare
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Compare Credit Cards
Features
that Put You in Control
Get a card with convenience, no annual fee, and much more.
UFCU credit cards
1
provide you with the most convenient and most secure way to pay by card.
You’ll receive great rates and surprise-free terms you can rely on.
Apply Now
Find Freedom
in UFCU Card Services
Great Rate Card
Save money with a low rate
$0
Balance-transfer fee
$0
Annual Fee
Rates as low as
2
9.49% APR
View Details
Cash Back Card
Redeem cash rewards as you go
1.5%
Cash back earned per $1 spent
$0
Annual Fee
Rates as low as
2
14.90% APR
View Details
Travel & Rewards Card
Redeemable for travel and merchandise
2
Points earned per $1 spent
$0
Annual Fee
Rates as low as
2
13.90% APR
View Details
No Annual Fees, Just Great Benefits
Our cards have so many advantages, like no annual fees, no over-the-limit fees
1
, fixed low rates, zero liability on unauthorized purchases, and fraud protection. Use your card to fund digital payment options such as Apple Pay
®
, PayPal
®
, VISA
®
, and more.
1
Lock or unlock your card in moments for peace of mind without losing the convenience of an everyday card. If your card needs to be replaced, skip the 10-day wait and visit any branch.
These extra benefits are free with your card:
Purchase Security/Extended Protection (PDF)
Travel and Emergency Assistance Services (PDF)
Travel Accident Insurance (PDF)
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver (PDF)
Alerts
and
fraud monitoring
are also free.
Take your pick of contactless cards that offer great rewards and flexible points options to match your budget and lifestyle.
Apply Now
Pause to Protect U
Visit the Security Center
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
FAQs
What is Visa Platinum?
Visa Platinum is the type of card you will use for UFCU Credit card rewards. Learn more from
Visa
.
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking your card isn’t a notification that your card is lost or stolen, or that there have been unauthorized transactions on your account. It’s simply a way to confirm no transactions can be made until you find your card. If your card is lost or stolen, or if you notice unauthorized transactions, please call
(888) 842-6328
immediately.
How can I transfer a balance to my UFCU card from another credit card?
In order to perform a balance transfer, complete the
Balance Transfer Request
form.
View More
Related Products and Services
ID Navigator by Norton Lifelock
Your UFCU card may qualify you for free identity theft monitoring so you can act quickly should the unexpected happen.
Explore This
VISA
®
Purchase Alerts
With 100% liability protection on any fraudulent activity, you can enjoy total peace of mind. Sign up for Visa purchase alerts through UFCU Online Banking.
Explore This
Advice U Can Trust
We’re here with tips to empower you to make informed financial decisions.
Explore All Articles
First Coffee, Next Financial Success
Brad’s days move fast, but his routine stays sharp. With UFCU handling the financial side, he’s free to focus on football, classes, and the next challenge ahead.
Read His Story
A Better Way to Credit
Build your credit with real-time credit monitoring, and personalized recommendations — all in one place.
Explore Credit Coach
A Year of Smart Money Moves
Learn how Carlos saved $901 in a year with Plus Checking through dividends, discounts, and everyday perks.
Explore This
Security Resource Center
Find resources and tips to help protect your accounts, devices, and personal information.
Visit the Security Resource Center
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Credit cards are subject to credit approval. Requirements include having a UFCU checking account with:
A balance of at least $500, or
A monthly balance of $50 for the last 3 months, or
Receive a direct deposit in your UFCU checking account.
2 Please see
Terms and Conditions (PDF)
for rate, fee and other cost information, as well as explanation of payment allocation. All terms may be subject to change.
Balance Transfer Form
Close modal dialog
To transfer your credit card balance:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the credit card company from which you want to transfer:
Name
Payment Address
Account Number
Amount to transfer
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now