URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/credit-cards/great-rate-card
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Great Rate Card
Convenience
with No Annual Fee
We’ve made credit accessible for everyday use.
The UFCU Great Rate VISA
®
credit card
1
gives you the features you need at the lowest rates we can offer. This card offers cash advances up to 25% of your credit limit.
Find out what the Visa Platinum Great Rate card has to offer.
At a Glance
2
Annual Fee
$0
Balance Transfers
Fee-free
Cash Advances
Up to 25% of your credit limit
1% cash advance fee
with a $5 minimum fee
Apply Now
Simplify the Way You Shop
Get a card that builds a solid credit history while streamlining your financial life. Make in-store or online purchases and manage your card 24/7 through Online Banking and our Mobile app.
Enjoy the same APR for purchases and cash advances, with no over-the-limit fees.
2
You get 100% fraud protection, plus set alerts and lock/unlock your card for added security.
Choose a design for your Great Rate card that expresses your local pride. Options include the 360 Bridge, UT Tower, tall ship Elissa, the US flag, St. Edwards University
®
, and Wheatsville Co-op.
There’s no fee to
transfer your balance
from another card to get our lower rates. And there’s no need to wait - you can pick up your contactless instant-issue card at any branch and start using it today.
2
Apply Now
Rates
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit
2
Your Credit
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Marginal
Low / No score
Great Rate VISA
®
9.49%
11.49%
13.49%
16.49%
17.90%
17.90%
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Pause to Protect U
Visit the Security Center
FAQs
What is Visa Platinum?
Visa Platinum is the type of card you will use for UFCU Credit card rewards. Learn more from
Visa
.
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking your card isn’t a notification that your card is lost or stolen, or that there have been unauthorized transactions on your account. It’s simply a way to confirm no transactions can be made until you find your card. If your card is lost or stolen, or if you notice unauthorized transactions, please call
(888) 842-6328
immediately.
How can I transfer a balance to my UFCU card from another credit card?
In order to perform a balance transfer, complete the
Balance Transfer Request
form.
View More
Related Products and Services
Credit Builder Loan
Whether you’re just getting started on your journey toward financial success or working to get back on track, UFCU can help you build a solid credit history with a Credit Builder Loan.
Explore This
Financial Success
UFCU offers two programs that help you reach your financial goals: GreenPath and Credit Coach. Members have free access to both these online programs to get financially fit.
Explore This
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Credit cards are subject to credit approval. Requirements include having a UFCU checking account with:
A balance of at least $500, or
A monthly balance of $50 for the last 3 months, or
Receive a direct deposit in your UFCU checking account.
2 Please see
Terms and Conditions (PDF)
for rate, fee and other cost information, as well as explanation of payment allocation. All terms may be subject to change.
Balance Transfer Form
Close modal dialog
To transfer your credit card balance:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the credit card company from which you want to transfer:
Name
Payment Address
Account Number
Amount to transfer
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now
Balance Transfer Form
Close modal dialog
To transfer your credit card balance:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the credit card company from which you want to transfer:
Name
Payment Address
Account Number
Amount to transfer
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now