URL: https://ufcu.org/about
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

About Us
Members
Lead Us
When we say Member-obsessed, we mean it.
Our purpose is to empower all those we serve to achieve financial success and brighter futures.
This dedication has made us Austin’s #1 Credit Union.
1
Read the UFCU Story
Your Goals Are as Unique as
U
Are
At UFCU, we’re committed to providing you with personalized guidance, tailored products, and comprehensive services to help you achieve them. Whether you’re navigating everyday expenses, securing a loan for a significant purchase, exploring investment opportunities, or aiming to expand your business, you can count on us to stand by your side every step of the way.
Maybe you’re not a Member yet, but you can be. We’re confident you’re eligible to join and it’s easy to apply. We eagerly serve every individual Member and the larger communities in which we live, work, and play. Our ideal is to extend service to everyone who needs it.
That’s the UFCU way.
Hear It From Members
The Credit Union Difference
We’re guided by the credit union motto of “Not for profit, not for charity, but for service,” and you’ll see it reflected every day throughout our organization.
As a credit union, we’re proud to stand out in the financial world. Here are some things we offer that traditional financial institutions can’t:
Owned and directed by our Members, not corporate stakeholders
Regulated by federal and state laws
Backed by National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) fund insurance
Led by a Member-elected, volunteer board of directors
When you bank with a credit union, you’re not just another account number — it’s a partnership designed to offer you a safe place to save and borrow at reasonable rates. You have an equal vote in electing our leaders, and you benefit equally from our collective success.
Learn How We Protect Your Funds
Diverse, Inclusive, and Proud
UFCU is a proudly diverse, Member-owned cooperative that seeks to bring about human and social development in full accordance with International Credit Union Operating Principles. Our cooperative is non-discriminatory with respect to whom we serve on all grounds, including but not limited to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, or political affiliation in any of our activities or operations.
UFCU is proud to be a part of the credit union movement, which advocates for social justice and financial inclusion. We vow to take a more active role in our community and be a catalyst for change.
Our work continues, and we are emboldened by our Members and our community. We know we can’t accomplish our purpose without relationships built on trust, transparency, and action, and we are proud that our commitment to social justice aligns with our commitment to empowering our Members to achieve financial success and brighter futures.
Recent News
September 09, 2026
UFCU Expands Access to Financial Services with First Temple Location at Temple College
September 09, 2026
UFCU Announces Paul Koller as Chief Financial Officer
September 02, 2026
CEO & President’s Message July 2026
July 02, 2026
UFCU Announces Sushma Niwalkar as Vice President of Data & AI
May 19, 2026
View More News
Related Products and Services
Free Educational Events
Want to know about financial planning? IRAs? Home buying? UFCU has classes and webinars to help you steer your financial future.
Explore Calendar
The UFCU Mobile Branch Comes to U
With everything from account openings and loan applications to free workshops, our Mobile Branch is breaking down barriers to financial success. It’s all part of our commitment to bringing support to where you need it most.
Request a Visit
Financial Success
Whether you’re just starting out or looking to improve your credit score, our free assessment provides valuable insights and actionable recommendations tailored to you.
Explore This
Car Shopping? DRIVE Away Happy
Are you ready to buy a new car but dreading the shopping process? Our five-step D.R.I.V.E. Method can turn your car buying into fun, and help you drive away happy in the perfect vehicle for you.
Explore This
1 Rankings are based on March 31, 2024 data provided by NCUA, reported by the Austin Business Journal.