URL: https://ufcu.org/business/loans/auto
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Business Auto Loans
Mobility
Means Showing Up for Business
Being there makes all the difference.
Your capacity to deliver can make or break your success. Make sure you have a reliable set of wheels to propel your business forward.
Whether you’re purchasing new or used — or looking to refinance — UFCU offers great rates and flexible terms for business vehicles.
2
Learn More About Business Membership
Keep Your Business in Motion
UFCU is proud to offer loans to finance cars, SUVs, pickups, and vans for our business Members. You can borrow between $10,000 and $100,000 with a fixed rate and terms from 12-66 months.
Choose to purchase a new or used vehicle from a Texas dealership. Or if you’re making high monthly payments on a current vehicle, we have refinancing options.
To qualify, vehicles must be owned by the business and be titled in the state of Texas and in the business name at time of application.
When you get a business auto loan, your purchase costs, monthly payments, and financing fees may be deductible on your federal tax return.
3
Don’t limit your write-offs to just mileage and insurance expenses — your UFCU-financed business vehicle could be part of your tax strategy.
To see if your business is eligible for a business banking loan,
see our business banking requirements
. Whether you have identified a vehicle or not, we can help. Simply submit your application in as little as 10 minutes and you will hear from a Business Banking Relationship Manager in 1-2 business days.
Apply for New
Apply for Used
Apply to Refi
Rates
A loan documentation fee of $175 will be assessed at closing.
Term restrictions may apply.
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit and risk score
Term
Excellent
Good
Average
12 to 48 Months
6.25%
7.00%
8.00%
49 to 66 Months
6.75%
7.50%
8.50%
Calculators
Calculate a Vehicle Payment
Learn How Low Your Monthly Payment Could Be
Wondering how much you should commit to paying monthly for your next vehicle? You can calculate your monthly payment with three key factors:
The net purchase price of the vehicle (plus sales tax)
The loan term (how many months you have to pay)
The interest rate for the loan
Start by entering the purchase price of the vehicle.
Enter any cash rebate or anticipated cash back.
Enter the sales tax rate for the state in which you’re purchasing the vehicle.
Enter the value of any vehicle you intend to trade in.
If you have an outstanding balance on the vehicle you want to trade in, also add that amount.
Adjust the interest rate and down payment amounts to reflect your situation and then compare the monthly payment amounts to see what works for you.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Calculate Vehicle Affordability
Learn How Much Vehicle You Can Afford
Wondering how much you should borrow for your next auto loan? Let's break it down.
Start by considering your monthly budget, any down payment you can make, and the trade-in value of your current vehicle.
Enter your ideal monthly payment and the interest rate you think you might qualify for.
Enter any cash rebates or cash back. (While these offers from the dealership can help reduce your overall spending, it's crucial to base your loan amount on your actual budget for long-term financial success.)
Adjust the purchase details to see how much vehicle you can afford based on the loan term you choose.
Finally, review your results in the chart and table to get a clear picture of your options.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
Related Products and Services
Business Certificates
Willing to wait for a higher rate? Earn a higher APY to boost earnings on funds that you won’t need during the certificate’s term.
Explore This
Major Mechanical Protection
An extended warranty, also known as Major Mechanical Protection (MMP), protects your vehicle against the cost of unexpected repairs.
Explore This
2 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.
3 UFCU does not provide tax or legal advice. For such guidance, please consult a qualified tax and/or legal advisor.