URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/member-services/banking/credit-coach
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Credit Coach
Credit Monitoring Built for
U
Credit Coach
1
gives you real-time access to your credit score and personalized tips to improve it — all in one place.
Log In
At Your Fingertips
One seamless dashboard and access to:
Credit Monitoring
Monitor your credit and accounts, see what impacts your score, and receive alerts to stay in control.
Goal Tracking
Choose from a variety of goals and receive a personalized plan that makes your next steps clear.
Credit Tools
Access various tools to help you improve your credit and reach your financial goals with confidence.
Now in Digital Banking
Log in to Online Banking
2
or the Mobile app to access easy, built-in credit monitoring. Stay on top of your goals wherever life takes you. Just look for the section titled “Unlock Your Credit Score” to get started.
Log In
Download the Mobile app
Enrolling is Easy
Getting started with Credit Coach takes just a few steps:
Log in
to Online Banking or the Mobile App.
Under the
Accounts
tab, look for the section titled “Unlock Your Credit Score”.
Select
Enroll
to begin.
Follow the steps and choose
Create Account
.
If you have previously enrolled in Credit Coach, select
“Already have an account? Log in.”
and follow the steps.
Free Credit Reviews
Need help understanding your credit score? Schedule a free credit review at a branch with one of Personal Financial Representatives. Each credit review includes:
A full review of your credit score
Answers to any questions
Personalized guidance to reach financial success
Schedule Now
Additional Resources for
U
All About Credit Scores
Learn about credit scores and answers to common questions
Explore This
Six Tips for Improving Your Credit Score
Learn how to boost your credit.
Explore This
1 Members must be 18 years of age or older with a valid Social Security Number. Credit monitoring services are provided through our partnership with Credit Coach.
2 See Terms and Conditions for
Online Banking
.