URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/member-services/banking/online
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Online Banking
24-Hour Account Access
Take care of most banking tasks from your home or office whenever you choose.
Enroll Now
Bank from Your Home or Office 24/7
Take care of your finances from the convenience of your company, couch, or casa. With Online Banking on your desktop, every transaction is just a few clicks away.
Online Banking Features Coming Next!
Our teams are working diligently to turn your feedback and requests into working features in your overall banking experience. Here’s what you can expect to find in upcoming versions of Online Banking:
Personal Finance Management and Savings — Track expenses, see trends, manage budgets, and set savings goals.
Trusted Browser — Choose your preference to receive a one-time passcode for each login or trust your browser for future logins.
Live Online Banking Features
We’re aiming to transform your everyday banking experience. Convenient, speedy service is just a click away. Your digital banking experience includes access to the following features in Online Banking, and many more:
Alerts
Bill Pay
Certificates (Open)
Credit and Debit Card Management (Activate, Lock/Unlock, Replacement Cards, Set/Change PIN)
Credit Card Cash Advances
Easier Access to interest rates
Easily Update Your Address
Integration with Plaid
Intuit
®
Support
Member to Member Transfers
Memos/Notes
Mortgage (home loan) Payments
Product + Account Grouping
Member Service Inquiries
Transaction History
Not seeing what you’re looking for? Please
share your feedback
. We consider every suggestion and look forward to incorporating your feedback into our next releases. You also can visit
Out-of-Branch Services
for a quick comparison of all the ways you can get your transactions done via Online Banking, the Mobile app, or Phone Banking. These additional resources might also help:
Digital Banking FAQs
Bill Pay FAQs
Credit and Debit Card FAQs
Your Security Is Our Priority
We use enhanced security technology to keep your accounts safe.
Universal password across all accounts on all devices.
Advanced data encryption using SSL. (Look for the padlock icon and the prefix “https” in your browser's address bar.)
No account spam.
We will never request your account number, password, or other personal information in an unsolicited email.
If you receive a suspicious email claiming to be from UFCU, please
contact us
before responding or opening any links in the email.
Enroll Today
Visit the
Enrollment page
.
Enter your UFCU account number and information to identify yourself (either your social security number or date of birth) and click Continue.
Create your new username and password.
Read through and agree to the Terms & Conditions.
View your enrollment confirmation details and click Continue to access Online Banking.
Maintenance Schedule
While we strive for 24/7 Online Banking access, we occasionally must schedule downtime.
Should you have urgent banking needs, please
contact us
during normal operating hours.
Day
Hours
Online Banking Impact
Daily
10 PM – 1 AM
There will be a delay on transfers, deposits, alerts, and card locking/unlocking during this time. All other features of Online Banking are available.
Sundays
Midnight – 4 AM
Possible system maintenance; all Online Banking features will be unavailable.
Any other service disruptions will be announced as they are scheduled.
Descarga la aplicación
Aplicación móvil de UFCU
Para iOS y Android
Resources & Tools
Digital Banking FAQs
Bill Pay FAQs
Financial Advice
ATM Safety Tips
UFCU Account Security