URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/credit-cards/cash-back-card
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Cash Back Card
Cash Back
for Each Dollar You Spend
Get paid just for using your card.
The UFCU Cash Back VISA
®
earns you 1.5% for every $1 you spend on everyday purchases.
1
At a Glance
2
Annual Fee
$0
Balance Transfers
Fee-free
Rewards
1.5% per $1 spent; Points never expire
Cash Advances
Up to 25% of your credit limit
1% cash advance fee
with a $5 minimum fee
Apply Now
Earn More on Everyday Purchases
When you use your Cash Back card, you will find that your spending suddenly gets much more rewarding. The UFCU Cash Back Visa pays you 1.5% cash back for every $1 you spend. Plus, you get 15% more points if you qualify and maintain a Plus Checking account.
1
And no annual fee means the cash goes straight to your pocket.
Redeem your Cash Back points at any time throughout the year. The
MyUFCU Card Rewards program
(link opens in a new window)
is simple and easy-to-use.
You can access your current points balance by logging in to Online Banking or the Mobile app and selecting your credit card’s corresponding reward points. You also can call (888) 207-3624 for 24/7 assistance with rewards-related questions and point redemption.
Your points never expire! Save more with no annual fee and start earning
2
.
Apply Now
Rates
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit
2
Your Credit
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Marginal
Low / No score
Cash Back VISA
®
14.90%
15.90%
16.90%
17.49%
17.90%
17.90%
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Pause to Protect U
Visit the Security Center
FAQs
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking your card isn’t a notification that your card is lost or stolen, or that there have been unauthorized transactions on your account. It’s simply a way to confirm no transactions can be made until you find your card. If your card is lost or stolen, or if you notice unauthorized transactions, please call
(888) 842-6328
immediately.
What is Visa Platinum?
Visa Platinum is the type of card you will use for UFCU Credit card rewards. Learn more from
Visa
.
How can I transfer a balance to my UFCU card from another credit card?
In order to perform a balance transfer, complete the
Balance Transfer Request
form.
View More
Related Products and Services
Plus Checking Account
Receive 15% more points as a bonus on your rewards card just for maintaining a Plus Checking account! Bonus points are added to your rewards balance every three months.
Explore This
Account Alerts
You can sign up to receive account alerts via email or text message from UFCU to stay up-to-date with your accounts and credit cards.
Explore This
1 Must meet eligibility requirements. Credit cards are subject to credit approval. Requirements include having a UFCU checking account with:
A balance of at least $500, or
A monthly balance of $50 for the last 3 months, or
Receive a direct deposit in your UFCU checking account.
2 Please see the
Cash Back Card terms and conditions (PDF)
for rate, fee and other cost information, as well as explanation of payment allocation. All terms may be subject to change.