URL: https://ufcu.org/business/cards/great-rate
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Great Rate Card
Cash Advance
of Up to 25%
Lower your company expenses with competitive interest rates.
Choose the Great Rate VISA
®
credit card
1
and enjoy great card benefits, like withdrawing up to 25% of your credit limit (for a 1% cash-advance fee with a $5 minimum fee).
Learn why our Visa Platinum Great Rate card is smart for a growing business.
2
Apply Online
(opens in a new window)
A No-Nonsense Solution
The UFCU Great Rate card takes a straightforward approach to your monthly business expenses — with some features that might surprise you.
Did you know you can add up to four additional authorized users? We offer this feature so your partners and designated employees can help with purchasing and accounting tasks.
We allow you to connect your card with secure digital payment options such as ApplePay
®
, PayPal™, Visa, and more. Lower your company expenses with competitive interest rates, which are a big benefit.
Open a Great Rate card then pick it up at any branch and start using it right away. Read our
requirements for opening any business account
including a credit card.
Apply Online
Rates
Rate is fixed at the time your application is approved.
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) based on your credit and risk score
Your Credit
Excellent
Good
Average
Great Rate VISA
®
13.90%
14.90%
15.90%
Calculator
Credit Card Payoff
Learn How Long It Will Take to Pay Off Your Debt
Feeling overwhelmed by your credit card balance? You're not alone! Many cardholders find themselves in this situation. But don't worry, we've got a plan to help you tackle it.
A good rule of thumb is to try to pay off any card balance in 36 months, but you might want to see what it will take to pay off the balance in shorter or longer increments of time. How long it takes depends on these factors:
Interest Rate:
The higher the rate, the longer it might take to pay off your balance. /li>
Card Usage:
Continued spending can extend the payoff period.
Monthly Payments:
The more you pay each month, the faster you'll clear your debt.
Aiming to pay off your balance in
36
months is a solid goal, but you can adjust this timeframe to fit your needs. Here's how:
Enter your current balance.
Input the interest rate.
Estimate your monthly charges.
Decide on your monthly payment amount.
By tweaking these factors, you can see how long it will take to become debt-free. Ready to take control of your finances? Let's get started!
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Business Tools to Help U Thrive
Visit the Resource Center
FAQs
How can I add an additional user to my account?
The primary cardholder must complete and submit an
Add Authorized User Request
form.
Your request will be processed in 2-3 business days and you should receive the new card with the additional user's name in 7-10 business days.
What does it mean to lock a card?
Locking your card isn’t a notification that your card is lost or stolen, or that there have been unauthorized transactions on your account. It’s simply a way to confirm no transactions can be made until you find your card. If your card is lost or stolen, or if you notice unauthorized transactions, please call
(888) 842-6328
immediately.
How can I change my personal identification number (PIN)?
Log into Online Banking or the Mobile app.
In the top toolbar, select Cards » Manage Card.
Select the card for which you want to select a new PIN.
In the Self-Service section, click Change.
What is Visa Platinum?
Visa Platinum is the type of card you will use for UFCU Credit card rewards. Learn more from
Visa
.
View More
Related Products and Services
Business Auto Loan
Whether you’re purchasing new or used, UFCU offers great rates and flexible terms to business owners ready for business vehicles.
Explore This
Business Checking
UFCU’s Business Checking account offers competitive features for minimal cost.
Explore This
1 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply.
2 See the UFCU
Business Credit Card Agreement, Disclosures & Guaranty Agreement (PDF)
(opens in a new window)
and the
Business Rates and Fees
for complete details. See also the Travel & Rewards Card
terms and conditions (PDF)
(opens in a new window)
.
Add Authorized User
Close modal dialog
To add an authorized user to your UFCU credit card:
Verify your identity by answering security questions
Complete and fill out the request form
Create a digital signature and sign the form
To complete the form, you will need the following information about the person you would like to add:
Name
SSN
Date of Birth
Phone Number
Mailing Address
You will also need to know your UFCU account and credit card numbers.
Start the process now