URL: https://ufcu.org/resources/retirement-resources
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Retirement Resources
Direct
Deposit
Get paid up to two days early
Enjoy safe and secure Social Security deposits directly into your bank account — two days early.
Set Up Direct Deposit
Retirement Simplified
Planning for retirement
1
doesn’t have to feel overwhelming. One easy way to see where you stand is by checking your
Retirement Score
with our Retirement Readiness Calculator.
Your score shows how long your money could last in retirement. By adjusting key factors like retirement age, Social Security timing, and monthly spending; you can see how small changes can make a big difference.
Whether you’re just starting out or refining your plan, sign up to access
Retirement Simplified
, personalized tools and resources that help you understand exactly how policy changes impact you and your retirement, available through our partnership with Silvur.
Navigate key retirement decisions, including:
Medicare
Social Security
Taxes in Retirement
and more
Sign Up Today
Fund Your Retirement
Enroll Now
(opens in a new window)
Related Products and Services
Step-Up Certificates
Boost your retirement reserves by capturing a future rate increase on a one-time basis during your certificate term.
Explore This
Retirement Planning
UFCU Investment Services
2
can help you build a plan to get the most out of your retirement.
Explore This
1 The Silvur Mobile App and website is a service provided by Silvur Services LLC. Use is subject to Silvur’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policies available at https:///www.silvur.com/terms.
Data that UFCU Members provide to Silvur is subject to the Silvur Privacy Policy available at https://www.silvur.com/privacy. For your protection, please do not provide any personal information via email. To communicate account information or update your email address, please log in to UFCU Online Banking and send a secure message
2
Securities and advisory services are offered through LPL Financial (LPL), a registered investment advisor and broker-dealer (member
FINRA
(opens in a new window)
/
SIPC
(opens in a new window)
).
Insurance products are offered through LPL or its licensed affiliates. UFCU and UFCU Investment Services
ARE NOT
registered as a broker-dealer or investment advisor. Registered representatives of LPL offer products and services using UFCU Investment Services, and may also be employees of UFCU. These products and services are being offered through LPL or its affiliates, which are separate entities from, and not affiliates of, UFCU or UFCU Investment Services. Securities and insurance offered through LPL or its affiliates are:
Not Insured by NCUA or Any Other Government Agency
Not Credit Union Guaranteed
Not Credit Union Deposits or Obligations
May Lose Value