URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/checking/overview
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Checking
enjoy secure money transfers
anywhere u go
Open an Account
Checking
the Credit Union Way
U have options.
All UFCU Checking Accounts come with free credit monitoring services
1
and easy money transfers. You’ll even enjoy paydays up to two days early with Direct Deposit. That's the credit union way. Find a checking account
2
that has everything you’ve come to expect, and more.
Open an Account
Find Freedom
in Everyday Finances with UFCU
Teen Checking
Designed for Members Ages 13-17
3
$0
to Open
$0
Monthly Service Fee
Monthly dividends up to
0.50% APY
View Details
Simply U
™
Hassle-free basic banking
$0
to Open
$0
Monthly Service Fee
No Dividends
View Details
Free Checking
Classic banking with the features you need
$0
to Open
$0
Monthly Service Fee
$400
Courtesy Pay
No Dividends
View Details
Plus Checking
4
Premium Checking with bonuses
5
, credits
6
& reimbursements
7
$0
to Open
$10
Monthly Fee ($0 if requirements met
8
)
$1,000
Courtesy Pay
Auto Rate Discount
9
and more
Bonus Dividends up to
2.25% APY
View Details
It’s All About U
Right away, you'll notice the difference between a UFCU checking account and a traditional bank account. Our focus is on you, and you can see that in our commitment to affordability and the freedom from overdraft and junk fees.
We are constantly listening for ways to improve your financial well-being — and our checking plans reflect that with countless conveniences large and small.
Like getting paid up to 2 days early with Direct Deposit; or replacing your debit card on the spot at any branch; or managing your accounts 24/7 with Online Banking or the Mobile app.
Wherever you go, our fee-free ATM network means you’ve got access to your cash at more than 50,000 ATMs across the U.S.
Plus, when you use your UFCU Visa card to make purchases anywhere, you’re protected from unauthorized use of your card or account information. See complete details at
UFCU and Visa Zero Liability Policy
. It’s what your checking account should be.
Apply Now
Branch Out with Online Banking
Enroll Now
FAQs
What should I do if my contactless card is lost or stolen?
As with all UFCU cards, if your contactless card has been lost or stolen, or your card has been declined and you suspect possible fraud, call Member Services at
(800) 252-8311
.
When I make a purchase online or by phone using my debit card, is it processed as a credit or debit transaction?
Online and telephone debit card transactions are generally processed as credit transactions because you do not have the option to enter your PIN. These types of purchases will create a preauthorization hold.
Do all debit card transactions clear within 72 hours?
No. Some merchants will not send the final transaction through to us within the 72-hour time frame of the hold. In that case, the hold will drop off and funds will appear to be available again, however, the debit transaction still has to clear your account. Unfortunately, we have no control over how quickly merchants process their transactions.
Can I set up overdraft transfer protection to help avoid fees?
It is always a good idea to have overdraft transfer protection set up on your account. Overdraft transfer protection helps you avoid larger Courtesy Pay fees by using your Savings Account, Money Market Account or Line-of-Credit loan to automatically cover the insufficient funds.
When you open a UFCU checking account, your Savings account is automatically established as the overdraft account, but you may also use a Money Market account or Line-of-Credit loan as well. Please
contact us
for more details.
View More
Related Products and Services
Digital Banking
Use UFCU Online Banking or the Mobile app to manage most banking tasks anywhere, anytime.
Explore This
Cover the Unexpected
Manage your account with added peace of mind through your preferred overdraft service: Overdraft Protection Transfer, Line of Credit, or Courtesy Pay.
Explore This
Advice U Can Trust
We’re here with tips to empower you to make informed financial decisions.
Explore All Articles
First Coffee, Next Financial Success
Brad’s days move fast, but his routine stays sharp. With UFCU handling the financial side, he’s free to focus on football, classes, and the next challenge ahead.
Read His Story
A Better Way to Credit
Build your credit with real-time credit monitoring, and personalized recommendations — all in one place.
Explore Credit Coach
A Year of Smart Money Moves
Learn how Carlos saved $901 in a year with Plus Checking through dividends, discounts, and everyday perks.
Explore This
Security Resource Center
Find resources and tips to help protect your accounts, devices, and personal information.
Visit the Security Resource Center
1 Members must be 18 years of age or older with a valid Social Security Number. Credit monitoring services are provided through our partnership with Credit Coach.
2 Subject to eligibility requirements. Certain restrictions apply. Rates are variable and subject to change after an account is opened.
3 Membership eligibility required. Accounts for minors require additional ownership by a parent, guardian, or other adult.
4 See full
Plus Checking Terms & Conditions (PDF)
.
5 Bonus Dividends on Plus Checking. As of October 1, 2024, a Bonus Dividend of 2.25% APY will be paid on balances up to $10,000 in a Plus Checking share. Balances more than $10,000 will earn dividends at the current available rate. Rate is variable and subject to change after account is open. Fees could reduce earnings.
Dividends are credited monthly. To receive this benefit, the following qualifications apply:
Have at least twenty (20) eligible card transactions a month – the 20 eligible transactions can be a combination of debit card transactions on the Plus Checking share and credit card transactions on the same account in which the Plus Checking share resides. The eligible transactions must fully post within the month (i.e. pending transactions that have not fully posted are not counted).
Eligible card transactions include purchases or spend transactions (exclude transactions such as cash withdrawals, transfers, cash advances or balance transfers).
There must be a balance greater than the par value of one share to earn Bonus Dividends on a Plus Checking Share.
6 Mortgage Fee Credit. A Plus Checking account can receive a $200 credit after funding a mortgage with UFCU. The credit will be applied as a deposit transaction to your Plus Checking within 60 days after loan funding. To receive the mortgage credit, the following apply:
A Plus Checking share must be open on the same account (i.e., the same UFCU share account number) in which the mortgage resides.
The credit can only be issued on qualifying Mortgage types funded after 12:00 AM on October 1, 2024.
Qualifying Mortgage types include first-lien residential mortgages to purchase a Primary home, Secondary home, Investment property, or Parcel of land. Other mortgage types do not qualify, such as (but not limited to) Commercial real estate loans, refinance loans, home equity loans, second-lien loans, construction loans, or home improvement loans.
The credit will be issued within 60 days of funding the loan. If a Plus Checking share doesn’t exist (has been closed, charged off, or converted to a different checking share type), the credit will not be issued. The credit cannot be issued on another checking share type.
The Member must qualify for the Mortgage loan to receive the credit.
In accordance with IRS tax regulations, this credit is considered a dividend and will be reported as taxable income on your tax documents. If your account is configured to not receive dividends, that account is not eligible for this credit.
7 Reimbursed International Transaction Fees. International Transaction Fees that are incurred on a Plus Checking debit card will be reimbursed within twenty-four (24) hours on the actual balance of the associated Plus Checking share. Unless otherwise indicated, no other assessed fees will be automatically reimbursed in this manner. To receive the “Reimbursed International Transaction Fees” said International Transaction Fee must have been assessed on a Plus Checking debit card linked to the applicable Plus Checking Share on or after 12:01 AM on 06/01/2024.
International Transaction Fees assessed on other checking account types or credit card accounts are not eligible for reimbursed international transaction fees.
8 Fee Waived Requirements. Your $10 monthly service fee will be waived if your combined month-end balances are $10,000 or more, or if your monthly qualifying electronic deposits are $4,000 or more. A qualifying electronic deposit is a deposit of funds, such as your salary, government benefit payment, or other income, that has been posted to your account and is made through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network. Transfers from one account to another, mobile deposits, instant payments processed through the RTP
®
network (real-time payment system) or FedNow
®
Service, an electronic credit from a third-party service that facilitates payments to your debit card using the Visa
®
or Mastercard
®
network, or deposits made at a branch or ATM are not considered a qualifying electronic deposit.
9 Auto Loan Rate Discount. A Plus Checking account can receive a 0.25% discount on a consumer auto loan (excluding internal refinances). The discount would take a quarter of a point (0.25% or 25 Bps) off the standard auto loan rate the Member qualified for. To receive the Auto Loan Rate discount, the following apply:
A Plus Checking share must be open on the same account (i.e. the same UFCU share account number) in which the consumer auto loan resides at the time of loan origination.
The discount can only be applied to a consumer auto loan opened after 12:01 AM on 10/1/2024.
The discount only applies to a new-to-UFCU consumer auto loan, which includes the following loan types:
Purchase (purchase of an auto)
External Refinance (purchased with dealer and Member refinances with UFCU)
The discount is not available on:
Existing auto loans funded prior to opening the Plus Checking share
Loans already financed with UFCU (e.g. an internally refinanced auto loan)
Any other loan balance at UFCU
Commercial or Business auto loans
The Member must qualify for the auto loan to receive the discount.
Having a Plus Checking account does not guarantee loan approval.
All the standard qualifications for obtaining the loan must be met.