URL: https://ufcu.org/personal/loans/home
Source: UFCU Website
--------------------------------------------------

Home Loans
YOUR DREAM HOME IS NEAR
Get the keys with only a 5% down payment
1
.
Apply Now
Apply Now
Confidence
in a Home of Your Own
We provide home loan solutions as unique as you.
Homeownership starts with the right mortgage. Our UFCU Mortgage Services™ team offers many options, including Home equity loans
1
, ensuring you have the right solution for your needs. Apply online or call (512) 997-4663 (HOME) and get preapproved today.
Hay representantes disponibles que hablan español.
Apply Now
Are U a First-time Homebuyer
Explore Your Options
Your Home Loan Options
Guidance at Every Step
Our experienced loan officers are focused on finding the ideal mortgage for you and your unique situation. You’ll enjoy full-time support and guidance before, during, and after the buying process. Contact one today to get started on your homebuying journey.
Contact a Loan Officer
Fixed or adjustable conventional loans
Community Hero loans
Doctor and Professors loans
First-time Homebuyer Loans
Down Payment Assistance programs
Home Equity loans
Jumbo loans
Land purchase-and-build loans
Medical Professional loans
Refinance loans
FHA and VA loans
Renovation Lending
Bridge Loans
Manufactured Housing
UFCU Mortgage Services
NMLS ID #441215
8303 N Mopac, Suite A105
Austin, TX, 78759
Calculators
Down Payment Calculator
Calculate How Much You Can Afford to Put Down
Wondering how much you should spend on the down payment of a new home? It's simple math: the bigger your down payment, the smaller your mortgage loan and the less interest you'll pay over time. Your down payment can affect your loan eligibility too. Typically, you'll need at least 3% for a down payment, but many loans require 5% or more. If you put down less than 20%, most lenders will ask you to pay Private Mortgage Insurance (PMI) until your loan-to-value ratio hits 80%. It's smart to keep a cash cushion for unexpected expenses when buying a home. Talk to your lender to find the right down payment for you.
You can calculate a down payment that makes sense with these key factors:
The price of the home
The loan term
The length of time you plan to live in the home
Your down payment
The interest rate
The mortgage insurance rate
Start by entering the home purchase price.
Enter the loan term and the length of time you plan to live in the home.
Enter one amount pay for a down payment along with the interest rate and mortgage insurance rate.
Enter details for a second down payment for comparison purposes.
Adjust these factors to learn how much of a down payment you can afford.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Calculate a Mortgage Payment
Find Your Ideal Monthly Mortgage Payment
Wondering how much you should commit to paying monthly for a new home? When you repay a mortgage, you make monthly payments to your lender. These payments cover both the loan principal and interest. Over time, the amount going toward the principal increases as your balance decreases, but your monthly payment stays the same. Your mortgage payments might also include property taxes, homeowner's insurance, and HOA dues, which often go into an escrow account managed by your lender.
You can calculate your monthly payment with these key factors:
The price of the home
Your down payment
Annual property taxes
HOA dues
Insurance and Mortgage Insurance costs  (Your down payment can affect how much mortgage insurance you pay.)
Start by entering the home purchase price.
Enter how much you will pay for a down payment.
Enter the estimated annual property taxes you will pay.
Enter estimates for HOA dues and home insurance costs.
Adjust the loan term and interest rate to reflect your situation and learn how much of a monthly payment you can afford.
Our online calculators are designed for educational and informational purposes only. They are intended to provide general guidance and estimates based on the information you provide. These tools should not be used as the sole basis for making financial decisions. We recommend consulting with a qualified financial advisor to obtain personalized advice tailored to your specific financial situation. There is no guarantee on the loan terms presented in the calculation.
Related Products and Services
Financial Success Services
Whether you’re just starting out or looking to improve your credit score, our free Financial Wellness assessment provides valuable insights and actionable recommendations just for you.
Explore This
Credit Builder Loan
Whether you’re just getting started on your journey toward financial success or working to get back on track, UFCU can help you build a solid credit history with a Credit Builder Loan.
Explore This
1 Subject to credit eligibility. Certain restrictions apply. Payment reflected does not include property taxes, homeowners insurance or HOA*. Example payment scenario: A 30-year fixed-rate loan with a sales price of $400,000 and a 5% down payment results in a loan amount of $380,000. With an interest rate of 6.00% and an Annual Percentage Rate (APR) of 6.499%, the monthly principal and interest payment is approximately $2,278 for 360 months. Rate assumes a 740 credit score and purchase of one discount point ($3,800). Program eligibility and down payment assistance requirements vary.
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act Notice